----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                             

                                                    DALLAS YOUTH COMMISSION  
                                                             REGULAR MEETING  

                                                       January 13th, 2025 at 6:00 P.M.  
                        Dallas City Hall, Council Chambers and Videoconference  

                                                                  Video  Conference:  
             https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mc37a297fb1e2b3ff9c093cdf8077d40f  

                                                                                                                                                           

                                    Telephone: (408) 418-9388 Access Code: 2487 309 7675  

The City of Dallas will make "Reasonable Accommodations" to programs and/or other related activities to ensure  
any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure  an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone  
requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the City Manager's  
Office  by calling (214) 670-9450 or TTY (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting. A  
video      stream      of    the     meeting       will    be     available       two     business       days     after     adjournment          by    visiting  
https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  
  
                                                                         AGENDA  

      I.          Call  to Order                                                                           Commissioner  Tamfu,  Vice  Chair  

      II.        Approval of Minutes -  (Dec 2024)  

      III.        Staff  Reports/Briefings/Special Committees  
                       YC-wide Retreat Update                                                                            Commissioner Tamfu  
                       MLK Event Update                                                                                  Commissioner Martinez  

                       Dallas Youth Scholarship Gala Night Update                                                         Commissioner Tamfu  

                       Environmental Committee Task Update                                                               Commissioner Moreno  

                       Triple Threat Game Update                                                                         Commissioner Nelson  

                       City Email Transition                                                                             Commissioner Tamfu   

      IV.        Voting Items:   
                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                    Commissioner Tamfu  
                    •  Annual Report - Review/Approval    
                                                                                                                 
                    •  Letter of Consideration – Chair & Vice  
                                                                                                                    Commissioner Tamfu  
                                Chair Recommendation                             
                                                                                                                 

      V.         Unfinished  Business/General Orders                                                            Commissioner Okon  

                       Reading of Deadlines and Tasks                                                           Commissioner Tamfu  

                       Branding Committee Leadership Updates  

                                                                                1  
  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

      VI.        Announcements                                                                                Jacob Rayner  

      VII.       Adjournment  
  
  
                                  Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant  to Section  30.06,  Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed  handgun), a person  licensed under  
Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a concealed  
handgun."  

"De acuerdo  con la seccion 30.06 del codigo penal (ingreso sin autorizacion de un titular de una licencia con una pistol  
oculta), una persona con licencia segun el subcapitulo h, capitulo 411, codigo del gobierno  (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person licensed  
under  Subchapter H,  Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  with a  
handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la seccion 30.07 del codigo penal (ingreso sin autorizacion  de un titular de una licencia con una pistola  
a la vista), una persona  con licencia  segun el subcapitulo  h, capitulo 411, codigo del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other weapon  
into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Seccion 46.03, Codigo Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un arma  
de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunion abierta en esta propriedad."  
  

  
                                                        EXECUTIVE  SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive  session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  
  
1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
      duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the  State Bar of  
      Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.    deliberating  the  purchase,  exchange,  lease,  or value of real  property  if  deliberation  in  an  open  meeting  would  have a  
      detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.    deliberating a negotiated  contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.    deliberating  the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer or  
      employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the subject  
      of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.    deliberating  the  deployment,  or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel  or devices. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.076]  

6.    discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or financial  information  that the city has received  from a business  prospect that  
      the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic development  
      negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.    deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  security  
      information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
      security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                                             2  
  
