----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED  
                                                                                             Puf,fic Notice  
           -6 PH 4:30 
                                                                                                   2  4  1  1  5  1 
CITY SECRETARY  
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                            CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                            POSTED DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX 

                                                CITY OF DALLAS  
                               COMMUNITY POLICE OVERSIGHT BOARD  
                                              REGULAR MEETING  

                                    Tuesday, December 10, 2024 - 5:30 PM  

                             There are three ways to attend and participate:  

                             1.  In Person: Dallas City Hall, 6ES Council Chambers 
                                                2.  Video Link Online: 
             https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m8bce0b244a8bbee23c8 
                                      c81d9aadc9ac6 Panelist Code: CPOB2024  
                       3.  Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 Access Code: 2484 108 0613 

    The City of Dallas will make Reasonable Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other related  
    activities to ensure any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
    inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  service,  and/or  translation  to  fully  participate  in  the  
    meeting  should  notify  the  Office  of  Community  Police  Oversight  by  calling  (214)  671-8283,  three  (3)  
    business days prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available twenty-four  
    (24) hours after adjournment by visiting https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 

    Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  must  register  with  the  Office  of  Community  Police  
    Oversight at Dallascityhall.com/OCPO or call (214) 671-8283, twenty- four (24) hours prior to the meeting  
    date and time.  

    La Ciudad de Dallas llevara a cabo Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas y/u otras  
    actividades  relacionadas  para  asegurar  que  todos  y  cada  uno  de  los  residentes  tengan  acceso  a  los  
    servicios y recurses para asegurar una reunion equitativa e inclusiva.  

    Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia adicional, servicio y/o interpretacion  para poder participar de  
    forma fntegra en la reunion debe notificar a Office of Community Police Oversight llamando al (214) 671- 
    8283, tres (3) dfas habiles antes de la reunion programada. Una transmision en video de la reunion estara  
    disponible     dos     dfas     habiles     luego      de     la    finalizacion    de     la     reunion     en  
    https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.  

    Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer uso de la palabra deben registrarse en Office of  
    Community  Police  Oversight  en  enlace  Dallascityhall.com/OCPO  o  llamando  al  (214)  671-  8283,  
    veinticuatro (24) horas antes de la fecha y horario de la reunion.  

    BOARD  MEMBERS:  Chair  John  Mark  Davidson  –  District  15,  Aswad  Smith –  District  1,  
    Jonathan E Maples –  District 2, Walter Higgins –  District 3, Loren Gilbert-Smith –  District 4,  
    Brian Bah, District 5, Derric Pegram –  District 6, Chauncey Lander –  District 7  (VACANT) –  
    District 8, Alison Grinter Allen – District 9, Arlene Steinfeld – District 11, Jennifer King – District  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                                                            
  

10,  Deatra  Wadsworth –  District  12,  David  Kitner –  District  13,  and  Brandon  Friedman  –  
District 14.   

STAFF: Director and Police Monitor Michele Andre, Special Investigator Gregory Huff, Policy  
Analyst Siara Montoya Obasuyi, and Complaint Intake Specialist Michelle Breaux.  

The City of Dallas Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) is dedicated to addressing  
complaints  against  Dallas  Police  Department  officers.  The  OCPO’s primary  function  is  to  
monitor DPD investigations of external administrative complaints or critical incidents, oversee  
mediations; independently investigate administrative investigations upon the conclusion of an  
internal affairs investigation (case disposition and discipline); review findings of internal affairs  
investigations  or  investigations  of  critical  incidents  and  report  the  findings  to  the  board;  
provide support services to the board such as aiding the board and the technical resource  
panel  in  their  work;  and  assist  the  board  with  preparing  reports.  The  OCPO  does  not  
represent complainants or assist in any monetary recovery or other damages sought by a  
complainant.  

La Oficina de Supervisión de la Policía Comunitaria de la Ciudad de Dallas (OCPO, por sus  
siglas en inglés) se dedica a atender las quejas contra los oficiales del Departamento de  
Policía de Dallas. La función principal de la OCPO es supervisar las investigaciones del DPD  
sobre  quejas  administrativas  externas  o  incidentes  críticos,  supervisar  las  mediaciones;  
investigar  de  manera  independiente  las  investigaciones  administrativas  al  concluir  una  
investigación de asuntos internos (disposición del caso y medidas disciplinarias); revisar los  
hallazgos  de  las  investigaciones  de  asuntos  internos  o  las  investigaciones  de  incidentes  
críticos  e  informar  los  hallazgos  a  la  junta;  proporcionar  servicios  de  apoyo  a  la  Junta  
Directiva, como ayudar a la Junta Directiva y al Panel de Recursos Técnicos en su trabajo; y  
ayudar  a la junta directiva en la preparación de informes. La OCPO  no representa a los  
demandantes ni ayuda en ninguna recuperación monetaria u otros daños solicitados por un  
demandante.  

Community Police Oversight Board Meeting Agenda       Tuesday, December 10, 2024  

   I.     Call To Order & Roll Call                                    (Chairman John Mark Davidson)  
  II.     Purpose of the CPOB                                         (Chairman John Mark Davidson)   
  III.    Public Comment   / Open Microphone (Three Minutes Per Person)  
              a.   During the open microphone period at the beginning of each Board meeting,  
                   up to five people are allowed to speak. Those who wish to speak must register  
                   before the meeting begins. Speaker registration will open 15 minutes prior to  
                   the start of the Board meeting. The first five registered speakers will be called  
                   in the order they signed up to speak at the beginning of the meeting.  
 IV.     Approval of Meeting Minutes  
              a.   October 8, 2024 CPOB Regular Meeting Minutes   
              b.   November 2, 2024, CPOB Retreat Minutes  
  V.      Introducing Jennifer King, the new member of the CPOB for District 10  
 VI.      Introduction of New OCPO Staff                                             
              a.   Michelle Breaux, Complaint Intake Specialist   
              b.   Gregory Huff, Special Investigator  

                                                                                                                            
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                                                                 
   

 VII.      Consideration of Independent Review Request   
                a.   EC2024-1186 Elijah Hannah   
                          i.   Action: Vote on Independent Review of Case No. EC2024-1186  
                b.   EC2024-0675 Ricardo Surpris   
                          i.   Action: Vote on Independent Review of Case No. EC2024-0675  
VIII.      Case Review  
  IX.      Case Update  
   X.      Reports / Briefings   
                a.   Legislative Briefings                                       (Policy Analyst Siara Obasuyi)  
                          i.   Senate Bill 280  
                          ii.  House Bill 881  
                b.   CPOB Standing Subcommittees Reports  
                          i.  Policy                                                                                   (C. Higgins)   
                          ii.  Rules                                                                        (A. Grinter - Allen)   
                         iii.  Board Training                                                          (L. Gilbert - Smith)   
                         iv.   Community Engagement                                                      (J. Maples)   
                c.   Report from Internal Affairs Division (IAD)             (Major Anthony Greer)  
                d.   Director Report                                                      (Director Michele Andre)  
                e.   Chairman Report                                      (Chairman John Mark Davidson)  
  XI.      Monthly Activity Reports   
                a.   DPD Monthly Arrest by Council District    
                b.   External Administrative Complaints  
                          i.  Monthly External Administrative Complaint Memo  
                          ii.  Monthly External Administrative Complaint Chart   
 XII.      Upcoming Meeting and Events   
                a.   CPOB Monthly Meetings:   
                          i.   January 14, 2025, 5:30 pm, Location TBD  
                          ii.  February 11, 2025, 5:30 pm, Location TBD  
XIII.      Public Comment/Open Microphone (Three Minutes Per Person)  
XIV.       Board Members Comments  
 XV.       Adjournment   

 Materials Provided:  
      •    Meeting Minutes:  
                o   October 8, 2024 (Regular Meeting)   
                o    November 2, 2024 (CPOB Retreat)  
      •    Updated Forms and Materials:  
                o   Complaint Forms (Available in multiple languages)  
                o    Independent Review Request Form (Available in multiple languages)  
                o   Commendation Forms (Available in multiple languages)  
                o   OCPO Brochure (Available in multiple languages)  
                o   “Know Your Rights” Flyer (Available in multiple languages)  
   
   
   
   

                                                                                                                                 
   

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                          
  

CPOB FY24-25 Subcommittees                                            

Policy Subcommittee  
      •     Chair: Changa Higgins  
      •     Vice-Chair: Deatra Wadsworth  
      •     Members: Ozzie Smith, Judge C. Lander, David Kitner, Brandon Freidman  

Rules Subcommittee  
      •     Chair: Alison Grinter-Allen  
      •     Vice-Chair: Judge C. Lander  
      •     Members: Brian Bah, Derric Pegram  

Board Training Subcommittee  
      •     Chair: Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith  
      •     Vice-Chair: Arlene Steinfeld  
      •     Members: Brian Bah, Changa Higgins, Derric Pegram  

Community Engagement Subcommittee  
      •     Chair: Jonathan Maples  
      •     Vice-Chair: Derric Pegram  
      •     Members: John Mark Davidson  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

                                                                                                                                                          
  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                
  

                           Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a  concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la secci6n 30.06 del c6digo pena_l (ingreso sin autorizaci6n de un titular de una licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia seg(m el subcapitulo h, capitulo 411, c6digo del gobiemo  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07,  Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la secci6n 30.07 del c6digo penal (ingreso sin autorizaci6n de un titular de una licencia  
con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  seg(m  el  subcapitulo  h,  capitulo  411,  c6digo  del  
goblerno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la  
vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De confonnidad con la Secci6n 46.03, C6digo Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunion abierta en esta propriedad."  

                                                  EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

  A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
                                                                following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
     which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of  
     the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  
2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.072]  
3.    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in  negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.073]  
4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
     officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
     employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  
5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.076]  
6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect  
     that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting  
     economic  development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business  
      prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]  
7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
     security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
     infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                                                                                                                
  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

  
  

                                                                                                       

                          Meeting Minutes Agenda Item  
  
The Community Police Oversight Board (CPOB) complies with the Texas Open Meetings  
Act (TOMA). This meeting was publicly posted at least 72 hours prior to convening. All  
agenda materials, meeting minutes, and recordings are available for review by contacting  
the Board Coordinator at 214-671-8283.  

     •    Meeting Date: October 8, 2024  
     •   Convened: 5:41 p.m.  
     •   Adjourned: 7:30 p.m.  

Board Members Present:  

     •   Jonathan E. Maples - District 2  
     •   Changa Higgins – District 3 (Late)  
     •    Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith - District 4  
     •    Brian Bah - District 5  
     •    Derric Pegram - District 6  
     •   Judge C. Victor Lander - District 8  
     •    Deatra Wadsworth – District 12  
     •    David Kitner - District 13  
     •    Brandon Friedman - District 14  
     •   John Mark Davidson (Chairman) - District 15  

Board Members Absent:  

     •   Vacant - District 7  
     •   Vacant - District 10  
     •   Ozzie Smith – District 1  
     •   Alison Grinter Allen – District 9  
     •   Arlene Steinfeld – District 11  

           

                                                                                                                            

                                                             1  
  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

I. Call to Order & Roll Call  

The meeting was called to order by Chairman John Mark Davidson at 5:41 p.m., followed  
by a roll call to confirm a quorum.  

II. Public Comment / Open Microphone  

    •   Public comments were made at this time.  

III. Approval of Minutes   

    •   Motion: David Kitner  (District 13) moved to approve the minutes from the August  
        13 meeting.  
    •   Second: Jonathan Maples (District 2) seconded the motion.  
    •   Vote : The motion was unanimously approved, and the minutes were approved.  

IV. Staff Reports/Briefings  

A. DPD Chief Garcia Retirement  

    •   Director Michele Andre spoke on the announcement of the retirement of DPD Chief  
        Eddie Garcia after 32 years of service. Michael Igo will serve as Interim Chief of  
        Police. Chief Garcia’s last day will be October 18, 2024.   
    •   Request: David Kitner  (District 13) requested that Interim Chief Igo be invited to  
        speak at the next board meeting in November.  

B. Staff Updates  

    •   Director  Andre  updated  the  board  on  current  OCPO  vacancies,  including  the  
        Mediation Manager and Senior Outreach Specialist roles. She also mentioned that  
        the  Special  Investigator  and  Complaint  Intake  Specialist  positions  have  been  
        posted. The Mediation Manager position will be reclassified as a Communications  
        Advisor.  
    •   Request: Dee Wadsworth (District 12) requested that an HR representative attend  
        next month’s meeting.  

C. 100-Day Plan for the OCPO  

    •   Director Andre presented an overview of the OCPO's 100-Day Plan, which focuses  
        on  staff  recruitment,  transparency,  policy  advocacy  for  humane  policing,  public  
        engagement, and launching a communications campaign to strengthen community  
        relations.  

D. Critical Incident Updates  

                                                    2  
  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

    •   OCPO Policy Analyst Siara Obasuyi provided a briefing on critical incident 2024- 
        006, which occurred on September 7, 2024, resulting in a suspect’s death. This  
        marked  the  sixth  officer-involved  shooting  of  the  year.  The  case  is  still  under  
        investigation.  
    •   Question: Jonathan Maples (District 2) asked about procedures regarding officers  
        firing at areas where individuals may be present behind doors or walls and how  
        safety considerations are managed.  Internal Affair Division Major Anthony Greer  
        answered question.  

E. Review / Closure of Complaints  

    •   Policy Case: Kymberly Jefferson (NI2023-317)  
        Policy Analyst Siara Obasuyi presented details on the case.  
            o   Action Item : Vote on findings  
            o    Motion: David Kitner (District 13) moved to approve the findings.  
            o   Second: Dee Wadsworth (District 12) seconded.  
            o   Vote : Motion passed unanimously.  
                  
    •   Case: Arlene Perez-Merino (NI2023-1200)  
        Policy Analyst Siara Obasuyi presented an independent investigation review.  
            o   Action Item : Vote on findings  
            o    Motion: Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith (District 4) moved to approve the findings.  
            o   Second: Jonathan Maples (District 2) seconded.  
            o   Vote : Motion passed unanimously.  

V. New Business  

A. CPOB Retreat – November 2, 2024  

    •   Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith outlined the retreat agenda, which includes team building,  
        an overview of Ordinance No. 31192, CPOB roles and responsibilities, the IAD  
        investigation process, and a presentation by Dallas County DA John Creuzot.  
    •   Action Item: Vote to approve the retreat location and agenda  
            o    Motion: Judge Lander (District 8) moved to approve The Black Academy of  
                Arts & Letters as the location for the November 2, 2024, retreat, from 10  
                a.m. to 4 p.m.  
            o   Second: Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith (District 4) seconded.  
            o   Vote: Motion passed unanimously.  

B.  Action  Item  –  Policy  Recommendation  for  Update  of  Section  317.08  of  DPD  
General Orders  

    •   Director Andre and City Council Representative Stephen McFayden explained that  
        this recommendation would likely need City Council approval.  
            o   Action   Item :   Vote   on   recommendation   for   language   change   in   the  
                ordinance  

                                                     3  
  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

            o   Motion: Judge Lander (District 8) moved to make the recommendation.  
            o   Second: Changa Higgins (District 3) seconded.  
            o   Vote : Motion passed unanimously.  

C. Action Item – Motion to Approve CPOB Fiscal Year 2024-2025 Meeting Schedule  

    •   Motion: David Kitner (District 13) moved to approve the FY 2024-2025 meeting  
        schedule.  
    •   Second: Jonathan Maples (District 2) seconded.  
    •   Vote : Motion passed unanimously.  

VI. Reports  

    A.  Report from the Chair  
          
    •   Chairman  Davidson informed the board about the upcoming appointment of the  
        CPOB Vice Chair after the resignation of Jose Rivas. He asked board members to  
        notify him if they wished to be considered for the position.   

B. DPD Monthly Arrest Data and Activity Report  

    •   Jonathan  Maples  (District  2)  raised  concerns  about  the  disproportionately  high  
        number of Black individuals arrested in comparison to other demographics.  
    •   The monthly activity report was presented for review.  

VII. Upcoming Meetings and Events  

    •   October 13-17: NACOLE Annual Conference  
    •   September 27 to October 20: State Fair of Texas  
    •   CPOB Retreat: November 2, 2024  
    •   CPOB Monthly Meetings:  
            o   November 12, 2024, 5:30 pm at Dallas City Hall Council Chambers, Room  
                6ES  
            o   December 10, 2024, 5:30 pm at Dallas City Hall Council Chambers, Room  
                6ES  

VIII. Public Comment / Open Microphone  

    •   No public comments were made at this time.  

IX. Board Members Comments  

    •   No board member comments were made at this time.  

X. Adjournment  

                                                  4  
  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

   •      Motion: David Kitner (District 13) moved to adjourn the meeting.  
   •     Second: Brandon Friedman (District 14) seconded.  
   •     Vote : Motion passed unanimously.  
   •     Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 7:30 p.m.   

                                                                                                                                                                  

                                                      

Community Police Oversight Board  
Chairman John Mark Davidson  

                        
  
  

                                                                                        
  
  
  
  
                                                                                

                                                                             5  
  

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

  
  

                                                                                                      

                          Meeting Minutes Agenda Item  
  
The Community Police Oversight Board (CPOB) complies with the Texas Open Meetings  
Act (TOMA). This meeting was publicly posted at least 72 hours prior to convening. All  
agenda materials, meeting minutes, and recordings are available for review by contacting  
the Board Coordinator at 214-671-8283.  

     •   Meeting Date: November 2, 2024  
     •   Convened: 10:20 a.m.  
     •   Adjourned: 2:15 p.m.  

Board Members Present:  

     •   Ozzie Smith – District 1  
     •   Changa Higgins – District 3  
     •    Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith - District 4  
     •   Brian Bah - District 5  
     •   Judge C. Victor Lander - District 8  
     •    Deatra Wadsworth – District 12  
     •    David Kitner - District 13  
     •   Brandon Friedman - District 14  
     •   John Mark Davidson (Chairman) - District 15  

Board Members Absent:  

     •   Jonathan Maples – District 2  
     •    Derric Pegram – District 6  
     •   Vacant – District 7  
     •   Vacant - District 10  
     •   Alison Grinter Allen – District 9  
     •   Arlene Steinfeld – District 11  

           

                                                                                                                           

                                                            1  
  

----------------------- Page 12-----------------------

I. Welcome and Introductions  

Chairman John Mark Davidson officially welcomed the board and speakers and called the  
meeting  to  order at  10:15  a.m.  A  roll  call  of  members was  taken,  and  a  quorum  was  
confirmed.  

II. Overview of Ordinance 31192  

    •   Daniel Moore of the City Attorney’s office presented an overview of Ordinance No.  
        31192,  passed  by  the  Dallas  City  Council  on  April  24,  2019.  The  ordinance  
        establishes the duties of the OCPO and the Director/Monitor.   

III. Effective Oversight: Board Member Roles & Responsibilities  

    •   Rania  Adwan,  a  commissioner  advisor  who  began  as  the  advisor  to  the  San  
        Francisco police commission, gave a presentation on making an effective board in  
        police oversight.  
    •   Board members discussed what makes an effective board member and identified  
        transparency and communication as key traits that CPOB board members must  
        have.  
    •   Ms. Adwan advised board members to consider their personal social media and be  
        aware that they still represent a city entity when they speak. She also encouraged  
        board members to find creative ways to engage with media to bring awareness and  
        accessibility to their work.  
    •   Effective boards must maintain trust and legitimacy with their communities to serve  
        the people.  
    •   Ms.  Adwan  and  the  board  members  discussed  the  current  challenges  that  the  
        board has been facing. Changa Higgins, District 3, spoke about the fact that OCPO  
        had   been   without   a   permanent   director   for   close   to   a   full   year,   making  
        communications  with  staff  and  direction  an  issue.  Now,  they  are  working  on  
        rebuilding with their new Director, Michele Andre, to gain direction and fill the board  
        vacancies.  

    IV. Overview of the External Complaint Process  

    •   Lieutenant Blanchard of the Dallas Police Department’s Internal Affairs Division  
        presented the process of receiving and investigating external complaints and an  
        overview of the external complaints received for the fiscal year 2023-2024.  
    •   Board members C. Lander, District 8, and David Kitner, District 13, asked about  
        the 45-day time frame for the completed investigations. Major Greer explained that  
        the 45-day  time  frame  only includes  working  days  and  can  be  put  on  pause  in  
        situations where the sergeant asks the detective to gather more information or if  
        there are situations where the officer is on medical leave. .   

  

                                                     2  
  

----------------------- Page 13-----------------------

V. Presentation by Dallas County District Attorney  

      •    District Attorney John Creuzot gave a presentation on Officer Involved Shootings  
           and  Deaths  in  Custody  and  the  role  of  the  DA’s  office  in  those  proceeding  
           investigations.  
      •    Dee Wadsworth, District 12, asked DA Cruezot about his staff of attorneys and the  
           different levels of who is handling which cases. DA Cruezot went over the different  
           divisions, juvenile, civil, criminal, etc.  

VI. Upcoming Meetings and Events  

      •    December 10, 2024: CPOB Regular Meeting, City Council Chambers 6ES  

IX. Adjournment  

      •    Motion: Judge Lander, District 8, moved to adjourn the meeting.  
      •    Second: Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith, District 4, seconded.  
      •    Vote : The motion passed unanimously, and the meeting was adjourned at 2:15  
           p.m.  

                                                                                                                                                  

     

                                                         

   Community Police Oversight Board  
   Chairman John Mark Davidson  

                           
  
  

                                                                                 
  
  
  
  
                                                                          

                                                                       3  
  

----------------------- Page 14-----------------------

          Memorandum  

            
            
            
            
                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                         

    DATE  December 6, 2024                                                                                               CITY OF DALLAS  

      TO  Members of Community Police Oversight Board                                               

SUBJECT   Elijah Hannah Independent Review Request  
            
                                                          OCPO Independent Review  
                                                                                   
          Case Number: EC2024-1186  
          Date Received:  11/19/2024  
                                                                         Complaint  
          Complaint Submitted Via:  In-person  
          Name of Complainant: Elijah Hannah  
          Date of Incident:  10/13/2024  
          Time of Incident: 3:30 AM  
          Location of Incident: Dallas, Texas  
          Involved Officers and Allegation(s) of Misconduct:   
                1.   Officer Isaiah Boisjolie #133240  
                          a.   Allegation (I): Racial Profiling  
                          b.   Allegation (II): Discourtesy/ Unprofessionalism  
            
          Summary of Incident:  
          On  October  13, 2024,  Officer  Boisjolie  responded  to  a  call  with  four  other  police  vehicles  to   
          initiate a traffic stop after observing Mr. Hannah allegedly committing traffic infractions, including  
          failing  to  signal  a  lane  change  and  making  a  wide  right  turn  without  signaling.  Mr.  Hannah  
          allegedly appeared disoriented, with bloodshot eyes and a fluctuating mood. During questioning,  
          Mr. Hannah denied any medical issues or substance use. He completed part of the Horizontal  
          Gaze  Nystagmus  (HGN)  test,  which  revealed  no  significant  indicators  of  impairment.  Mr.  
          Hannah disclosed he was armed after initially denying possession of weapons. He retrieved a  
          firearm from the vehicle, prompting Officer Boisjolie to disarm him to ensure safety.   
          Following the encounter, Hannah filed a complaint alleging racial  profiling, rudeness, and a lack  
          of explanation for the traffic stop.  
            
          OCPO Preliminary Review:  
          After  a  preliminary  review,  the Office  of  Community  Police Oversight  is unable  to  establish  a  
          violation of the Dallas Police Department departmental policies or procedures.  
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            

                                                                         “Service First, Now!”  
                                                               Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  
            
            

----------------------- Page 15-----------------------

DPD’s Preliminary Review:  
   
November 5, 2024  
  
Elijah Hannah  
eliswagboy@gmail.com  
  
Dear Mr. Hannah:  
  
The  Internal  Affairs  Division  received  your  complaint  dated  October  15,  2024.  We  regret  your  
contact with the Dallas Police Department, which did not result in the level of service we require  
from each department member. We expect that every contact with the public is one in which we  
display the highest degree of professionalism.  
  
A review of the information you provided, along with the footage captured on the officer(s) Body  
Worn Camera (BWC) or Digital Video Recording (DVR), was conducted. Upon completion of the  
review,  we  cannot  establish  a  violation  of  departmental  policies  or  procedures.  Based  on  the  
review, we have determined no investigation is warranted.  
  
If you want a copy of the investigated file, please log onto www.dallaspolice.net, click the Open  
Records Request Form, follow the prompts, or call the Open Records Team at 214-671-3148.     
  
If you have further questions, don't hesitate to contact the Internal Affairs Division at (214) 671- 
3986.  
  
Sincerely,  
  
MICHAEL T. IGO  
INTERIM CHIEF OF POLICE  
  
  
Anthony Greer  
Major of Police  
Internal Affairs Division  
Office of the Chief of Police  
  
NI#2024-1023  
  
  

                                                               “Service First, Now!”  
                                                      Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  
  
  

----------------------- Page 16-----------------------

          Memorandum  

            
            
            
            
                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                   

   DATE   December 6, 2024                                                                                         CITY OF DALLAS  

      TO  Members of Community Police Oversight Board                                           

SUBJECT   Ricardo Surpris Independent Review Request  
           
                                                         OCPO Independent Review  
                                                                                
         Case Number: EC2024-0675  
          Date Received:  11/19/2024  
                                                                      Complaint  
         Complaint Submitted Via:  In-person  
          Name of Complainant: Ricardo Surpris  
          Date of Incident: 9/05/2022  
         Time of Incident: 3:09 AM  
          Location of Incident: Dallas, Texas  
          Involved Officers and Allegation(s) of Misconduct:   
               1.   Officer Ernesto Gutierrez Jr. # 127653  
                         a.   Allegation (I): Racial Discrimination   
                         b.   Allegation (II): Improper or No Investigation   
               2.   Officer Brandon Williams # 116377  
                         a.   Allegation (I): Racial Discrimination   
                         b.   Allegation (II): Improper or No Investigation   
           
         Summary of Incident:  
           
         On  September  5,  2022,  Dallas  Police  Department  (DPD)  officers  responded  to  two  separate  
          interactions  involving  Ricardo  Surpris  at  the  Citizen  Nightclub  in  Dallas,  Texas.  Around  1:53  
         a.m.,  Mr.  Surpris  flagged  down  officers  to  report  being  denied  service  at  the  nightclub.  The  
         officers determined this was a civil matter and explained that their jurisdiction did not extend to  
         such disputes. Later that night, officers were called back to the nightclub regarding an alleged  
         altercation between Mr. Surpris and the nightclub staff.  
           
         According  to  statements  from  the  nightclub  staff,  Mr.  Surpris  attempted  to  re-enter  the  
         establishment  after  being  denied  entry,  leading  to  a  confrontation  with  bouncers.  During  the  
          incident, Mr. Surpris allegedly punched one of the bouncers, Chase Green, in the face, causing  
          minor injuries.  The staff restrained Mr. Surpris until the officers arrived, at which point he was  
          handcuffed and transported to Lew Sterrett Jail to prevent further violence.  
           
          In his complaint, Mr. Surpris alleged racial bias and unprofessional conduct by Officer Gutierrez  
         and Officer Williams.  He stated that the officers failed to record statements from witnesses who  
         could have supported his account and relied solely on testimony from nightclub staff. Mr. Surpris  
          believes that body  camera footage allegedly revealed inconsistencies in the staff’s statements  
         and inaccuracies in the officers’ report. Mr. Surpris disputed claims of being combative, noting in  

                                                                      “Service First, Now!”  
                                                             Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  
           
           

----------------------- Page 17-----------------------

his complaint that the footage shows him standing calmly with visible injuries at the time of his  
arrest.  He believes the officer’s actions and the report's handling were influenced by racial bias  
and called for an investigation into the matter.  
  
OCPO Preliminary Review:  
  
After  a  preliminary  review,  the  Office  of  Community  Police  Oversight  (OCPO)  is  unable  to  
establish  a  violation  of  the  Dallas  Police  Department  departmental  policies  or  procedures.  
OCPO requests an extension to thoroughly review all body-worn camera (BWC) footage related  
to  Mr.  Surpris's  complaint.  This  additional  time  is  necessary  to  ensure  a  comprehensive  and  
accurate assessment of the incident and all associated materials.  
  
DPD’s Preliminary Review:  
  
June 21, 2024  
  
Ricardo Surpris  
ricardo.surpris@gmail.com  
  
Dear Mr. Surpris:  
  
The Internal Affairs Division received your complaint dated June 13, 2024. We regret your contact  
with  the  Dallas  Police  Department  did  not  result  in  the  level  of  service  we  require  from  each  
member of our department. It is our expectation that every contact with the public is one in which  
we display the highest degree of professionalism.  
  
A review of the information provided by you along with the footage captured on the officer(s) Body  
Worn Camera (BWC) or Digital Video Recording (DVR) was conducted. Upon completion of the  
review, we are unable to establish a violation of departmental policies or procedures. Based on the  
review, we have determined no investigation is warranted.  
  
If you would like to obtain a copy of the investigated file, please log onto www.dallaspolice.net, click  
on Open Records Request Form and follow the prompts; or you may call the Open Records Team  
at 214-671-3148.     
  
If you have any further questions, please contact the Internal Affairs Division at (214) 671-3986.  
  
Sincerely,  
  
EDDIE GARCIA  
CHIEF OF POLICE  
  
Irene Alanis  
Major of Police  
Internal Affairs Division  
Office of the Chief of Police  
  
NI#2024-0577  
  
  

                                                               “Service First, Now!”  
                                                     Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  
  
  

----------------------- Page 18-----------------------

          Memorandum  

            
            
            
            
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                      

   DATE   December 5, 2024                                                                                           CITY OF DALLAS  

      TO  Members of Community Police Oversight Board                                            

SUBJECT   Briefing of Senate Bill 280  
           
          The purpose of this memorandum is to provide a briefing on  Senate Bill 280 (SB  280), which  
          establishes  independent  civilian  complaint  review  boards  in  Texas  cities  with  populations  of  
          200,000  or more to  address  peace  officer misconduct  and  enhance  police  accountability  and  
          transparency.  
           
          Provisions:  
          •    Board  Structure:  The  boards  created  under  SB  280  would  consists  of  five  members  
               appointed  by  local  government  officials,  including  the  municipal  governing  body,  county  
               judge,  police  chief,  and  county  commissioner’s  court.  Board  members  are  required  to  be  
               individuals who are not municipal employees  or  public officials and must not  have prior law  
               enforcement experience.  
          •    Functions:  Each board will  investigate allegations of officer misconduct, such as excessive  
               force  or  abuse  of  authority,  with  the  support  of  municipal  attorneys.  Investigations  must  
               conclude  within  120  days,  and  the  boards  have  the  authority  to  recommend  disciplinary  
               actions.   Additionally,   the   Boards   will   determine   the   validity   of   allegations   and   can  
               recommend appropriate disciplinary measures.  
          •    Power:  SB  280  grants  the  proposed  board  the  power  to  issue  subpoenas,  maintain  the  
               confidentiality of complainants, and provide status updates on cases.  
           
          Impact:  
           
          If implemented as proposed, SB 280 would require municipalities with populations over 200,000  
          to  create  municipal civilian complaint review boards. Depending  on how these  new boards are  
          integrated  or  whether  they  replace  existing  entities,  this  could  lead  to  conflicting  oversight  
          models   in  cities  that  already  have  established  civilian  oversight  offices  or  boards.   Local  
          governments may need to dissolve or restructure their current systems to comply with the new  
          law,  especially  in  cases  where  their  existing  oversight  entities  lack  investigative  or  subpoena  
          powers. However, the bill does not  address how to integrate with  preexisting oversight models,  
          leaving uncertainty about how to resolve potential conflicts or redundancies.  
           
         Another  concern  is  the  proposed  composition  of  these  boards.  Limiting  membership  to  five  
          individuals  in  large  and  diverse  cities  such  as  Dallas,  Houston,  and  San  Antonio  may  fail  to  
          represent  the  complexities  of  these  communities  adequately.  Current  models  often  include  
          board members representing individual districts, which can help  build trust by ensuring diverse  
          local  voices  are  involved.  The  reduced  representation  under  SB  280  could  unintentionally  
          inadvertently undermine the trust and community connection it aims to  promote, weakening its  
          intended impact.  
                                                                                          

                                                                       “Service First, Now!”  
                                                              Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  
           
           

----------------------- Page 19-----------------------

    By:AAMiles                                                  S.B.ANo.A 280 

                              A BILL  TO BE  ENTITLED 

 1                                    AN ACT 

 2  relating   to municipal   civilian  complaint   review boards   for peace 

 3  officer  misconduct  in  certain  municipalities. 

 4         BE IT  ENACTED BY  THE  LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE  OF TEXAS: 

 5         SECTIONA 1.AA Subtitle  A,  Title  5, Local  Government   Code,  is 

 6  amended  by adding  Chapter  143A  to read  as  follows: 

 7   CHAPTER 143A.   MUNICIPAL  CIVILIAN  COMPLAINT  REVIEW BOARDS  FOR  PEACE 

 8               OFFICER  MISCONDUCT  IN  CERTAIN  MUNICIPALITIES 

 9                     SUBCHAPTER  A.  GENERAL  PROVISIONS 

10         Sec.A 143A.001.AAAPPLICABILITY.     This  chapter applies  only  to 

11  a  municipality  with a  population of  200,000 or  more. 

12         Sec.A 143A.002.AADEFINITIONS.     In  this chapter: 

13                (1)AA "Board"  means   a  municipal   civilian    complaint 

14  review  board for  peace officer  misconduct. 

15                (2)AA "Peace  officer"  means a  peace officer described  by 

16  Article  2.12 ,  Code of Criminal  Procedure,  appointed  or  employed  to 

17  serve  as a  peace officer  for a  municipality. 

18         Sec.A 143A.003.AAMUNICIPAL    CIVILIAN   COMPLAINT   REVIEW  BOARD 

19  FOR  PEACE   OFFICER  MISCONDUCT.     A board   is  established   in each 

20  municipality    subject  to  this  chapter   to  investigate   complaints 

21  alleging  peace  officer  misconduct. 

22   SUBCHAPTER  B.  MUNICIPAL  CIVILIAN  COMPLAINT  REVIEW  BOARD FOR  PEACE 

23                             OFFICER  MISCONDUCT 

24         Sec.A 143A.051.AA COMPOSITION   OF  BOARD.   A board  consists   of 

    89R381  MP-F                         1 

----------------------- Page 20-----------------------

                                                                   S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1   five  public members  appointed   as  follows: 

 2                (1)AAtwo  members   appointed  by  the presiding   officer   of 

 3   the  governing   body   of  the   municipality,    one  of  whom   must   be 

 4   appointed   from  a  list   of municipal    residents   submitted   to  the 

 5  presiding   officer  by the  governing  body  of  the  municipality; 

 6                (2)AA one  member  appointed   by  the  county  judge   of the 

 7   county  in which the  municipality   is wholly  or  primarily  located; 

 8                (3)AA one  member  appointed   by  the  police  chief   of the 

 9  municipal  police   department;   and 

10                (4)AA one  member appointed  by  the  commissioners   court  of 

11   the  county   in  which   the  municipality     is  wholly   or  primarily 

12   located. 

13          Sec.A 143A.052.AA INELIGIBILITY.      A  person   is ineligible    to 

14   serve  as a  board  member if  the  person: 

15                (1)AA is  a  municipal employee; 

16                (2)AAholds   a  public office;  or 

17                (3)AAhas  experience   as  a law  enforcement  professional, 

18   including  as: 

19                      (A)AA a  peace officer; 

20                      (B)AA a criminal  investigator; 

21                      (C)AA a special  agent;  or 

22                      (D)AA a  managerial   or  supervisory    employee   with 

23   substantial   policy   discretion    on  law  enforcement    matters   in  a 

24   federal,  state,  or  local  law  enforcement   agency,  other  than  as  an 

25   attorney  in  a  prosecutorial agency. 

26          Sec.A 143A.053.AATERMS.     A  board  member   is  appointed   for  a 

27   two-year  term. 

                                          2 

----------------------- Page 21-----------------------

                                                                  S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1          Sec.A 143A.054.AAPRESIDINGAOFFICER.      The  presiding  officer  of 

 2   the  governing  body   of  the municipality    shall  designate   a  board 

 3  member   to  serve   as  the  presiding   officer   of  the  board  at  the 

 4  pleasure   of  the  presiding   officer   of  the  governing  body   of the 

 5  municipality. 

 6          Sec.A 143A.055.AAGROUNDS   FOR  REMOVAL  OF BOARD  MEMBER.    (a)  A 

 7  board  member  may be removed  from  a  board if  the  member: 

 8                (1)AA is   ineligible    for   membership    under    Section 

 9   143A.052; 

10                (2)AA cannot   discharge    the   member ’s  duties    for   a 

11   substantial   part   of  the  member ’s   term  because   of   illness   or 

12   disability;  or 

13                (3)AA is absent   from  more  than  half   of the  regularly 

14   scheduled  board  meetings   during  a calendar  year  without   an excuse 

15   approved  by a  majority vote of  the  board. 

16          (b)AAThe  validity  of  an action  of a board  is  not affected   by 

17   the fact  that it is  taken  when a ground  for removal of  a  board  member 

18   exists. 

19          (c)AA If the  executive   director  of  a board  or  another  board 

20  member   has knowledge   that  a potential   ground   for removal   exists, 

21   the executive   director  or  board member   shall  notify  the presiding 

22   officer  of  the  board of  the  potential ground. The  presiding  officer 

23   shall  then  notify the  presiding officer  of  the governing  body of  the 

24  municipality    that  a potential   ground  for  removal  exists.    If the 

25  potential   ground  for  removal  involves  the presiding   officer  of the 

26  board,  the  executive  director  or  board member  shall  notify  the next 

27  highest   ranking   officer  of  the  board,  who  shall  then  notify  the 

                                          3 

----------------------- Page 22-----------------------

                                                                S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1  presiding   officer  of the governing  body  of the municipality   that  a 

 2  potential  ground  for removal  exists. 

 3         Sec.A 143A.056.AAVACANCY.      A  vacancy  on  a  board  shall   be 

 4  filled  for  the  unexpired  term  in the  same  manner  as the  original 

 5  appointment. 

 6         Sec.A 143A.057.AA COMPENSATION;   EXPENSES.    (a)  A board member 

 7   is entitled  to a  per diem of $150  for each day the  member engages  in 

 8  board  business.     The total  per  diem  a  board  member  may  receive 

 9  during  a  fiscal  year  may not exceed $5,000. 

10          (b)AAA board  member  is entitled  to  reimbursement   for actual 

11  and  necessary   expenses  incurred   in performing   the  duties  of the 

12  board. 

13                  SUBCHAPTER  C. GENERAL  POWERS  AND DUTIES 

14         Sec.A 143A.101.AAEXECUTIVE    DIRECTOR.    A board  may  employ  an 

15  executive   director  as necessary   to administer  the  policies  of the 

16  board. 

17         Sec.A 143A.102.AAPERSONNEL.     A board  may employ  personnel   as 

18  necessary   to exercise  its  powers and  fulfill  its duties  under this 

19  chapter. 

20         Sec.A 143A.103.AARULES.    A board  may adopt  rules as  necessary 

21  to  implement  this chapter. 

22                SUBCHAPTER  D.  INVESTIGATION  OF  COMPLAINTS 

23         Sec.A 143A.151.AA INVESTIGATION    OF COMPLAINTS.     A board  may 

24   investigate   a  complaint  that   alleges  peace   officer  misconduct 

25   involving: 

26                (1)AA excessive  use of  force; 

27                (2)AA improper use  of power to  threaten,  intimidate,   or 

                                         4 

----------------------- Page 23-----------------------

                                                                  S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1   otherwise  mistreat  a  member of  the  public; 

 2                (3)AA a  threat of  force; 

 3                (4)AA an  unlawful act, search,  or seizure;  or 

 4                (5)AA other  abuses of  authority. 

 5          Sec.A 143A.152.AAFILING   OR  BOARD  INITIATION  OF  COMPLAINT.AAA 

 6   complaint  may be: 

 7                (1)AAfiled  under  Section  143A.153;  or 

 8                (2)AA initiated  by a  majority vote  of  the  board. 

 9          Sec.A 143A.153.AA COMPLAINT  ALLEGING   MISCONDUCT.    (a) A person 

10  may   file   a   complaint   with   a   board   alleging    peace   officer 

11  misconduct. 

12          (b)AAA complaint  must: 

13                (1)AAbe  in writing; 

14                (2)AA allege  the  peace   officer   engaged  in  misconduct 

15   described  by Section  143A.151;  and 

16                (3)AAdescribe  the  alleged  misconduct. 

17          (c)AAA person  may  file  a complaint  regardless   of whether  the 

18  person  is  the alleged  victim  of  the  misconduct. 

19          Sec.A 143A.154.AA COMPLAINT  REVIEW  PROCEDURE.    A board shall: 

20                (1)AAdevelop   a system   to promptly   and efficiently   act 

21   on  a complaint  filed  with or initiated  by the  board; 

22                (2)AAmaintain   information  regarding: 

23                      (A)AAthe  parties  to each  complaint; 

24                      (B)AAthe  subject  matter  of each  complaint; 

25                      (C)AAthe   results    of   the   investigation    of   a 

26   complaint;  and 

27                      (D)AAthe  disposition   of each  complaint; 

                                          5 

----------------------- Page 24-----------------------

                                                                S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1                (3)AAmake  information  available  describing   the board ’s 

 2  procedures   for complaint  investigation  and  resolution; 

 3                (4)AAtake    reasonable     measures    to    ensure    the 

 4  confidentiality  of  all  complainants; 

 5                (5)AAperiodically   notify  the parties   to the  complaint 

 6   in writing of  the status  of  the complaint;  and 

 7                (6)AAprovide   the  parties  to  the  complaint   with  the 

 8  name,  address,  and  telephone  number  of an individual  to  contact  in 

 9  order  to give or obtain  information  regarding  the  complaint. 

10         Sec.A 143A.155.AA SUBPOENAS.    (a)  A board may issue  a subpoena 

11  to  compel  the attendance  of a  witness or  the  production of any  book, 

12  record,   or  other   document   reasonably   necessary   to  conduct   an 

13   investigation.      A  subpoena   must   relate   to   a  matter   under 

14   investigation  by the  board. 

15          (b)AA If a person  refuses   to comply  with  a  subpoena  issued 

16  under  this  section,  the board  may apply  to a  court for  an order  to 

17  compel  the  person  to comply  with  the subpoena.    Failure  to comply 

18  with  the court  order is punishable  as contempt. 

19         Sec.A 143A.156.AADISMISSAL    OF  CERTAIN   ALLEGATIONS;   GROUNDS 

20  FOR  CLOSING  INVESTIGATION.    A board may  dismiss  an allegation   in a 

21  complaint   that   the  board   elects  to  investigate   under   Section 

22   143A.151  and   close  an  investigation    without  reaching   a  final 

23  determination   if the  person  who filed  the complaint  or  the alleged 

24  victim   of  the misconduct   that   is the  subject   of  the  complaint 

25  requests  the  dismissal. 

26         Sec.A 143A.157.AA INVESTIGATION    OF   COMPLAINT   BY   MUNICIPAL 

27  ATTORNEY.    (a)  A board shall  forward  each complaint  that  the board 

                                         6 

----------------------- Page 25-----------------------

                                                               S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1  elects   to investigate   under  Section   143A.151  to  the  municipal 

 2  attorney. 

 3         (b)AAThe  municipal  attorney  shall investigate   the complaint 

 4  by: 

 5               (1)AA interviewing  and obtaining  a statement  from: 

 6                     (A)AAthe complainant; 

 7                     (B)AA each peace officer  who is the  subject of  the 

 8  complaint;  and 

 9                     (C)AA each  witness to the alleged  misconduct; and 

10               (2)AA obtaining   any  documentary    or  other   evidence 

11  relevant  to the investigation. 

12         (c)AAThe  municipal  attorney shall  complete the  investigation 

13  of  a complaint   not later  than  the  120th  day after  the  date  the 

14  municipal  attorney  receives  the complaint  from  the  board. 

15         Sec.A 143A.158.AA COMPLAINT         DETERMINATION          AFTER 

16  INVESTIGATION.     (a)   After  an  investigation   of  a complaint   is 

17  complete,  the  municipal  attorney  shall forward  the  results of  the 

18  investigation   to  the  board  or a  panel  of  at least  three  board 

19  members.     The  board  or panel  shall  review  the  case and  make  a 

20  determination   on each allegation  in  the complaint that has not been 

21  dismissed  by  the board.   The  determination  of  the board  or panel 

22  must  be made not  later than  the 180th day  after the  date the board 

23  receives  the complaint. 

24         (b)AAThe  board  or panel  shall  state  the board ’s or panel ’s 

25  determination   regarding each  allegation in  a complaint  as: 

26               (1)AA substantiated  if  the  board  or panel  finds  by  a 

27  preponderance   of the evidence  that the  person who is the subject  of 

                                        7 

----------------------- Page 26-----------------------

                                                                   S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1   the complaint  committed  the  alleged  misconduct; 

 2                (2)AA exonerated    if  the  board   or  panel   finds   by   a 

 3  preponderance    of the  evidence  that  the  person who  is the subject  of 

 4   the complaint  engaged   in  the action alleged  in  the complaint  but the 

 5   action  was not  misconduct  because  the action  was lawful  and  proper; 

 6                (3)AAunfounded     if  the  board    or  panel   finds   by   a 

 7  preponderance    of the  evidence  that  the  person who  is the subject  of 

 8   the complaint  did  not commit  the alleged  misconduct; 

 9                (4)AAunsubstantiated     if the  board  or  panel  finds  that 

10   the  available   evidence   is  insufficient    to make   a  finding  by   a 

11  preponderance    of the  evidence   under  Subdivision   (1),  (2),  or (3); 

12   or 

13                (5)AAnonactionable    if the  board  or  panel finds that  the 

14  person   who  is  the subject   of  the  complaint   is no  longer  a  peace 

15   officer  or cannot  be identified. 

16          Sec.A 143A.159.AANOTICE    OF BOARD ’S OR  PANEL ’S DETERMINATION. 

17   (a)   A  board  shall   notify  the  parties   to  the  complaint   of  the 

18  board ’s  or  panel ’s  determination. 

19          (b)AAThe  board  shall  notify the  employer  of the  peace officer 

20  who   is  the  subject   of  the  complaint   of  the  board ’s  or  panel ’s 

21   determination.     If the  board   or panel   finds  that  a complaint   is 

22   substantiated,    the  board  or  panel  may   recommend   an  appropriate 

23   disciplinary   action  to the employer.    If the  employer  fails  to take 

24   disciplinary   action  against  the  peace  officer  before   the 30th  day 

25   after  the  date the  board  notifies   the  employer   of the  board ’s or 

26  panel ’s  determination,    the  board   shall  forward   the  case  to  the 

27   district  attorney,   criminal  district  attorney,   or county  attorney, 

                                          8 

----------------------- Page 27-----------------------

                                                                S.B.ANo.A 280 

 1  as appropriate,   or  to the appropriate  United States  attorney. 

 2         SECTIONA 2.AAThe   initial   members   of  a  municipal   civilian 

 3  complaint   review   board   for  peace  officer   misconduct   shall   be 

 4  appointed   as provided  by  Section  143A.051,  Local  Government  Code, 

 5  as added  by this  Act, not later  than  October 1,  2025. 

 6         SECTIONA 3.AAThe   change  in  law made  by  Chapter  143A,  Local 

 7  Government   Code,  as added  by this  Act, applies   only to misconduct 

 8  that  occurs  on  or  after  October  1,  2025. Misconduct   that  occurs 

 9  before  October  1,  2025,  is governed  by  the law  in effect  when  the 

10  misconduct   occurred,  and the  former  law is continued   in effect  for 

11  that  purpose.    For purposes   of this  section,  misconduct   occurred 

12  after  October  1, 2025,  if any  act or omission  constituting   part  of 

13  the  misconduct  occurred  after  that date. 

14         SECTIONA4.AAThis  Act  takes  effect  September  1,  2025. 

                                         9 

----------------------- Page 28-----------------------

          Memorandum  

            
            
            
            
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                      

   DATE   December 6, 2024                                                                                           CITY OF DALLAS  

      TO  Members of Community Police Oversight Board                                            

SUBJECT   Briefing of House Bill 881  
           
          The purpose of this memorandum is to provide a briefing on House Bill 881, which  mandates a  
          progressive  disciplinary  matrix  for  municipal  police  officers  in  certain  Texas  municipalities,  
          particularly  those  without  Chapter  143  civil  service  protections.  The  matrix  standardizes  
          disciplinary   actions,   ranging   from   written   warnings   to   suspension   or   removal,   ensuring  
          consistency   in   addressing   police   misconduct.   It   emphasizes   accountability   by   including  
          standards   for   infractions   related   to   the   use   of   force   and   failure   to   de-escalate,   while  
          incorporating officers' prior conduct records in determining disciplinary actions.  
           
          Provisions  
           
               •    Progressive Disciplinary Matrix:  Establishes a formal structure for addressing police  
                    officer  misconduct  with  various  disciplinary  actions,  including  removal,  suspension,  
                    reassignment, demotion, retraining, or written reprimands.  It sets specific standards for  
                    infractions  related  to  the  use  of  force,  failure  to  de-escalate,  and  other  uncommon  
                    offenses.   It   incorporates            a   system   for   considering   prior   disciplinary   records   in  
                    determining   penalties.   Municipal   policies   must   align   with   the   matrix   and   cannot  
                    supersede its provisions.  
               •    Implementation  and  Oversight:  Municipalities  are  required  to  establish  rules  for  
                    applying the disciplinary matrix and ensure consistent training for its application. The Bill  
                    Blackwood Law Enforcement Management Institute of Texas is tasked with developing a  
                    model matrix and training materials, incorporating public feedback.  
               •    Appeals and Presumptions : Disciplinary actions taken under the matrix are presumed  
                    reasonable   during   appeals   unless   evidence   shows   misapplication   of   the   offense  
                    category.  
               •    Timeline for Adoption:  If the proposed law  passes,  it will take effect on September 1,  
                    2025, with disciplinary actions applying to conduct occurring on or after March 1, 2026.  
           
          Impacts  
           
          This  legislation would  impact police departments like Dallas, where officers are not covered by  
          the  protections  of  Texas  Local  Government  Code  Chapter  143,  which  governs  civil  service  
          systems  for  law  enforcement  in  many  municipalities.  Instead,  Dallas  police  officers  fall  under  
          Texas Local Government Code Chapter 147, which applies specifically to municipalities with  
          populations of one million or more. This code governs labor relations and collective bargaining  
          for  police  officers,  which  is  different  from  the  protections  and  procedures  outlined  in  Chapter  
          143. HB 881 would limit discretion in how discipline is administered, ensuring that penalties for  

                                                                       “Service First, Now!”  
                                                              Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  

           
           

----------------------- Page 29-----------------------

infractions  follow  the  predetermined  guidelines  in  the  matrix.  This  could  result  in  stricter  
oversight for Dallas officers while reducing potential variability in disciplinary decisions.   
  
One  of  the  significant  provisions  of  HB  881  is  the  establishment  of  an  independent  appeals  
process   for   disciplinary   actions.   This   provision   might   provide   Dallas   officers   additional  
protections  against  perceived  unfair  treatment,  aligning  their  procedural  protections  more  
closely  with  those   afforded  to  Chapter   143  officers.  HB  881  aims  to  create  statewide  
consistency  in  law  enforcement  discipline,  meaning  Dallas  police,  despite  their  governance  
under   Chapter   147,   would  be   required  to  abide  by  the  matrix's  standards  to  increase  
transparency and accountability.  

                                                                  “Service First, Now!”  
                                                        Connect – Collaborate – Communicate  

  
  

----------------------- Page 30-----------------------

    By:AAThompson                                               H.B.ANo.A881 

                              A BILL  TO BE  ENTITLED 

 1                                    AN ACT 

 2  relating   to a progressive   disciplinary   matrix  for  police  officer 

 3  misconduct   in  certain  municipalities. 

 4         BE IT  ENACTED BY  THE  LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE  OF TEXAS: 

 5         SECTIONA 1.AA Subchapter   B ,  Chapter   142 , Local  Government 

 6  Code,  is  amended  by adding Section 142.0605  to read  as  follows: 

 7         Sec.A 142.0605.AAPROGRESSIVE     DISCIPLINARY   MATRIX.    (a)    A 

 8  public  employer  shall  implement  a  progressive disciplinary  matrix, 

 9  as  described  by Section  143.0511,  for municipal   police  officers  if 

10  the  municipality  has not adopted  Chapter  143 . 

11          (b)AAThe  public   employer   shall  adopt  rules   necessary   to 

12   implement  the  progressive disciplinary  matrix. 

13         SECTIONA 2.AA Section   142.067 ,  Local   Government    Code,   is 

14  amended  to read  as  follows: 

15         Sec.A 142.067.AAAGREEMENT    SUPERSEDES  CONFLICTING  PROVISIONS. 

16   (a)  Except  as provided  by  Subsection   (b), a  [A]  written meet  and 

17  confer  agreement   ratified  under  this  subchapter  preempts,   during 

18  the  term  of the  agreement  and  to the  extent  of any  conflict,   all 

19  contrary  state  statutes,  local  ordinances,  executive  orders,  civil 

20  service   provisions,    or  rules  adopted   by  the  head  of  the   law 

21  enforcement   agency  or  municipality or  by a division  or agent of the 

22  municipality,    such   as  a  personnel   board   or  a  civil   service 

23  commission. 

24          (b)AAAn agreement  under  this subchapter: 

    89R1384   SCL-F                      1 

----------------------- Page 31-----------------------

                                                                H.B.ANo.A881 

 1                (1)AAmust   implement    the   progressive    disciplinary 

 2  matrix  established  under  Section  142.0605  or 143.0511;  and 

 3                (2)AAmay  not  conflict  with  and  does  not  supersede   a 

 4  statute,    ordinance,   order,   civil   service  provision,    or  rule 

 5  concerning   the disciplinary   actions that  may be imposed  on a  police 

 6  officer  under  the  progressive disciplinary  matrix. 

 7         SECTIONA 3.AA Section   143.003 ,  Local   Government    Code,   is 

 8  amended  by adding  Subdivision  (6) to read  as  follows: 

 9                (6)AA "Progressive  disciplinary   matrix"  means  a formal 

10  schedule   for  disciplinary   actions   that  may  be  taken  against   a 

11  police  officer  as  described  by Section 143.0511. 

12         SECTIONA4.AA Section    143.008 ,  Local   Government    Code,   is 

13  amended  by  amending  Subsection   (c) and adding  Subsection   (c-1)  to 

14  read  as  follows: 

15          (c)AAThe  commission  shall  adopt  rules  that  prescribe  cause 

16  for  removal or suspension  of  a  fire fighter [or police officer].  The 

17  rules   must  comply   with  the  grounds   for  removal  prescribed    by 

18  Section  143.051 . 

19          (c-1)AAThe  commission   shall adopt  rules  that  prescribe  the 

20  disciplinary   actions   that  may be  taken  against  a  police  officer 

21  under  a  progressive disciplinary  matrix. 

22         SECTIONA 5.AA Subchapter   D ,  Chapter   143 , Local  Government 

23  Code,  is  amended  by adding Section 143.0511  to read  as  follows: 

24         Sec.A 143.0511.AAPROGRESSIVE    DISCIPLINARY   MATRIX.    (a)  The 

25  commission   shall  implement  a  progressive   disciplinary  matrix  for 

26   infractions  committed  by  police  officers  that  consists  of a range 

27  of  progressive  disciplinary   actions  applied  in  a standardized  way 

                                         2 

----------------------- Page 32-----------------------

                                                                H.B.ANo.A881 

 1  based   on  the nature   of  the  infraction   and  the  officer’s  prior 

 2  conduct   record,  including  removal,   suspension,  change  of  duty  or 

 3  assignment,    demotion,   deduction   of  points   from  a  promotional 

 4  examination   grade,   retraining,   a written   warning,   or a  written 

 5  reprimand. 

 6          (b)AAThe  progressive  disciplinary  matrix must  include: 

 7                (1)AA standards  for disciplinary  actions  relating  to the 

 8  use  of  force   against  another   person,  including   the  failure   to 

 9  de-escalate    force   incidents    in  accordance   with   departmental 

10  policy; 

11                (2)AA standards for  evaluating   the level  of  discipline 

12  appropriate  for  uncommon  infractions;  and 

13                (3)AApresumptive   actions  to be  taken  for each  type  of 

14   infraction  and any adjustment  to  be  made based on a  police officer’s 

15  previous  disciplinary   record. 

16         SECTIONA6.AA Section    143.057 ,  Local   Government    Code,   is 

17  amended  by  amending  Subsection   (a) and adding  Subsection   (b-1)  to 

18  read  as  follows: 

19          (a)AA In addition to the  other notice  requirements  prescribed 

20  by  this chapter,  the written  notice  for a  promotional  bypass or the 

21   letter  of disciplinary    action,  as  applicable,   issued  to  a fire 

22  fighter   or  police  officer   must  state  that   in an  appeal   of  an 

23   indefinite  suspension,   a suspension,  a promotional   bypass,   [or]  a 

24  recommended   demotion,  or,  if issued  to a police  officer,  any other 

25  disciplinary   sanction,  the appealing  fire fighter  or  police officer 

26  may  elect to  appeal  to an independent  third  party  hearing  examiner 

27   instead  of  to the commission.  The letter  must also state  that if  the 

                                         3 

----------------------- Page 33-----------------------

                                                               H.B.ANo.A881 

 1  fire  fighter   or  police  officer   elects  to  appeal  to  a  hearing 

 2  examiner,  the  person waives all  rights  to appeal  to a  district court 

 3  except  as  provided by Subsection  (j). 

 4         (b-1)AAA  hearing  examiner  must presume  a disciplinary  action 

 5  applied  to a  police officer  under a  progressive disciplinary  matrix 

 6  is  reasonable  unless the  facts indicate  that  the police  department 

 7  inappropriately    applied  a category   of offense  to  the  particular 

 8  violation. 

 9         SECTIONA 7.AA Section   143.307 ,  Local  Government    Code,   is 

10  amended  by  amending  Subsections  (a)  and (b) and  adding  Subsection 

11   (d) to read as  follows: 

12         (a)AAExcept  as  provided by  Subsection  (d),  an [An]  agreement 

13  under  this   subchapter  supersedes   a  previous  statute   concerning 

14  wages,  salaries,   rates of  pay, hours  of  work,  or other  terms  and 

15  conditions   of  employment  to  the extent  of  any  conflict  with  the 

16  statute. 

17         (b)AAExcept  as  provided by  Subsection  (d),  an [An]  agreement 

18  under  this   subchapter  preempts   any  contrary  statute,   executive 

19  order,  local  ordinance,  or rule adopted  by the state  or a  political 

20  subdivision   or agent  of the  state, including   a personnel  board,  a 

21  civil  service commission,  or  a  home-rule  municipality. 

22         (d)AAAn   agreement  under   this  subchapter  affecting   police 

23  officers: 

24               (1)AAmust    implement   the   progressive    disciplinary 

25  matrix  established  under Section  143.0511;  and 

26               (2)AAmay  not  conflict   with  and does  not  supersede   a 

27  statute,   order,  ordinance,   or  rule  concerning  the  disciplinary 

                                        4 

----------------------- Page 34-----------------------

                                                                H.B.ANo.A881 

 1  actions   that   may  be   imposed   on  a  police   officer   under  the 

 2  progressive   disciplinary  matrix. 

 3         SECTIONA8.AA Section    143.361 ,  Local   Government    Code,   is 

 4  amended  by  amending  Subsections   (a) and  (b) and  adding  Subsection 

 5   (d) to read as  follows: 

 6          (a)AAExcept  as  provided   by  Subsection   (d), a  [A]  written 

 7  agreement   ratified  under this  subchapter  between  a  public employer 

 8  and  the bargaining   agent  supersedes  a previous   statute  concerning 

 9  wages,   salaries,  rates  of pay,  hours  of work,  and  other  terms  of 

10  employment    other  than  pension   benefits   to  the   extent  of   any 

11  conflict  with  the  previous statute. 

12          (b)AAExcept  as  provided   by  Subsection   (d), a  [A]  written 

13  agreement   ratified   under  this  subchapter   preempts   all  contrary 

14   local ordinances,   executive  orders,  legislation,   or rules  adopted 

15  by  the state  or a  political subdivision  or  agent of the  state, such 

16  as  a personnel   board,  a civil  service  commission,   or a  home-rule 

17  municipality. 

18          (d)AAAn  agreement   under  this  subchapter   affecting   police 

19  officers: 

20                (1)AAmust   implement    the   progressive    disciplinary 

21  matrix  established  under  Section  143.0511;  and 

22                (2)AAmay  not conflict   with  and does  not  supersede   an 

23  ordinance,   order,   statute,  or  rule  concerning   the  disciplinary 

24  actions   that   may  be   imposed   on  a  police   officer   under  the 

25  progressive   disciplinary  matrix. 

26         SECTIONA 9.AA Section   174.005 ,  Local   Government    Code,   is 

27  amended  to read  as  follows: 

                                         5 

----------------------- Page 35-----------------------

                                                                 H.B.ANo.A881 

 1          Sec.A 174.005.AAPREEMPTION    OF  OTHER  LAW.     (a)   Except   as 

 2  provided   by   Subsection   (b),  this   [This]   chapter  preempts   all 

 3   contrary  local ordinances,   executive  orders,  legislation,   or rules 

 4   adopted by  the state  or by  a political  subdivision   or agent  of the 

 5   state,  including  a personnel   board,  civil  service   commission,   or 

 6  home-rule  municipality. 

 7          (b)AAAn agreement  under  this  chapter  may not conflict  with  an 

 8   ordinance,   order,  statute,   or  rule  concerning   the  disciplinary 

 9   actions  that may  be  imposed  on municipal   police  officers   under  a 

10  progressive    disciplinary    matrix   implemented    by  the  municipal 

11  public  employer. 

12          SECTIONA 10.AA Section   174.006 ,  Local  Government    Code,   is 

13   amended  by amending  Subsection   (a)  and adding  Subsection   (a-1)  to 

14   read  as  follows: 

15          (a)AAExcept  as provided   by Subsection   (a-1),  a  [A]  state or 

16   local  civil service  provision  prevails  over  a collective  bargaining 

17   contract   under  this   chapter   unless   the  collective   bargaining 

18   contract  specifically  provides  otherwise. 

19          (a-1)AAA  collective  bargaining   contract  affecting  municipal 

20  police  officers  may not  conflict  with a state  or local  civil service 

21  provision    implementing   a  progressive   disciplinary   matrix   under 

22  this  chapter  or other law. 

23          SECTIONA 11.AA Subchapter   B , Chapter   174 , Local  Government 

24   Code, is  amended  by adding Section  174.024  to read as  follows: 

25          Sec.A 174.024.AAPROGRESSIVE    DISCIPLINARY   MATRIX  FOR  CERTAIN 

26  POLICE  OFFICERS.   (a)  A  municipal  public employer  shall  implement  a 

27  progressive   disciplinary  matrix,   as described  by  Section  143.0511, 

                                         6 

----------------------- Page 36-----------------------

                                                                 H.B.ANo.A881 

 1  for  municipal  police  officers   if the  municipality  has  not  adopted 

 2  Chapter  143 . 

 3          (b)AAThe   municipal    public   employer    shall   adopt   rules 

 4  necessary   to implement  the  progressive  disciplinary  matrix. 

 5         SECTIONA 12.AAThe   changes  in law  made by this  Act to the Local 

 6  Government   Code  apply  only  to  a disciplinary    action  for  conduct 

 7  that  occurs  on  or after  March  1, 2026.  Conduct  that  occurs  before 

 8  that  date  is governed  by the  law in  effect  immediately  before  that 

 9  date,  and  the former law is  continued  in  effect  for  that  purpose. 

10         SECTIONA 13.AA Sections   142.067 (b),   143.307 (d),  143.361 (d), 

11   174.005 (b), and  174.006 (a-1),  Local  Government   Code,  as added  by 

12  this  Act,  apply  only  to an  agreement  or  contract  entered   into or 

13  renewed  on  or after March  1, 2026.  An agreement  or  contract  entered 

14   into or  renewed  before  March   1, 2026,  is  governed  by  the  law in 

15   effect  on the  date  the agreement   or contract   was entered   into or 

16  renewed,  and  the former  law is  continued in  effect  for  that  purpose. 

17         SECTIONA 14.AA (a)      The  Bill   Blackwood    Law   Enforcement 

18  Management   Institute   of Texas  shall  consult  with  law  enforcement 

19  agencies    of   all   sizes,    law   enforcement    associations,    law 

20   enforcement    training   experts,    and   appropriate    organizations 

21   engaged  in the  development  of  law enforcement   policy  to develop   a 

22  model   progressive    disciplinary   matrix,   as   defined  by   Section 

23   143.003 (6),  Local  Government    Code,  as  added  by   this  Act,  and 

24  associated   training   materials   regarding  the  application   of  that 

25  matrix.  The  institute  shall  provide  for a period  of  public  comment 

26  before   adopting   the  model   progressive   disciplinary   matrix   and 

27  training  materials. 

                                         7 

----------------------- Page 37-----------------------

                                                             H.B.ANo.A881 

1         (b)AANot  later  than  January  1,  2026, the  institute   shall 

2  adopt and disseminate  the  model  progressive disciplinary  matrix and 

3  training   materials  to  all  law  enforcement   agencies  and   civil 

4  service  commissions  in  this state. 

5         (c)AAThis section  expires September  1,  2026. 

6         SECTIONA 15.AAThis  Act takes effect September  1,  2025. 

                                      8 

----------------------- Page 38-----------------------

         Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                               and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

                                                                                                                                           y 
                                                                                                       0      1      2     3      4       t 
                                          1      2      3      4     5      6      7      8     9                                         i 
                                                                                                       1      1     1      1      1       C 
  NIBRS Crime                             D      D      D      D     D      D      D      D     D                                         /    Total 
                                          C      C      C      C     C      C      C      C     C      D      D      D     D      D       t 
                                                                                                       C      C      C     C      C        u 
                                                                                                                                          O 

  AGG ASSAULT - FV                          3      1      4     6             3      5     5      1      2            2             4            36 

  AGG ASSAULT - NFV                               10            3      3      2      2     3             1            1      1      5     1      32 

  ALL OTHER LARCENY                         2      2                   1      9      3     3             1                          1     1      23 

  ALL OTHER OFFENSES                       10     14      6     16     4     29     12     9      5     12            3      3     15     5     143 

  APOWW                                    20     58     22    27     20     39     15    26     11     21     18     8     21     32     1     339 

  ARSON                                                                       1                                                                  1 

  BURGLARY-BUSINESS                         1                                 1                   2                                              4 

  BURGLARY-RESIDENCE                               1      2                   3            1             1                          1            9 

  CREDIT CARD/ ATM FRAUD                    1      1                                                                                             2 

  DESTRUCTION/ DAMAGE/ VANDALISM OF  
                                                   2      2     1      2      1            1      2      2     2      1             3            19 
  PROPERTY 

  DISORDERLY CONDUCT                        1      4      1                  13      2                                              6            27 

  DRUG EQUIPMENT VIOLATIONS                        2                   1      1      2     1                                                     7 

  DRUG/ NARCOTIC VIOLATIONS                 8     12      8    24     16     27     20     14     9      9     3      4      2      6     1     163 

  DUI                                       7     20      4     4      4     14      3     5      5      2     8      17     9     19     1     122 

  EMBEZZELMENT                                                                                                                      1            1 

  FALSE PRETENSES/ SWINDLE/ CONFIDENCE  
                                            2      1      3     2      1      1      4     4      2      1                          1            22 
  GAME 

  FAMILY OFFENSES, NONVIOLENT                                                 1            1                                                     2 

  FONDLING                                                                           1                                       1                   2 

  IDENTITY THEFT                                   3                          1            1                   1                    1            7 

  INTIMIDATION                                     2      1     5      1      1      2     2      1      2     1      1      1      1            21 

  LIQUOR LAW VIOLATIONS                                                              1                                                           1 

  NEGLIGENT MANSLAUGHTER                                               1                                                                         1 

  PROSTITUTION                                                               27                                                                  27 

  PUBLIC INTOXICATION                       6     14      2     5      1     14      5            5      2     8      1      4     18            85 

  PURCHASING PROSTITUTION                                                     7                                                     1            8 

  RAPE                                             3      1            1                          1            1                                 7 

  ROBBERY-BUSINESS                                 1                   1      1                   1                                              4 

  ROBBERY-INDIVIDUAL                        2      1      1     3             5                   1      1                                       14 

  SHOPLIFTING                                                                 2                   2            1             5      8            18 

  SIMPLE ASSAULT                           14     41     22     30    16     28     22    39     17     17     17     17    15     17           312 

  THEFT FROM MOTOR VEHICLE                         1                          3      1     1      1                                 1            8 

  THEFT OF MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS OR  
                                                                1                                                                                1 
  ACCESSORIES 

  TRAFFIC VIOLATION - HAZARDOUS                    1      1     3      2     14      3     2      2      3     1             2      1     3      38 

  TRAFFIC VIOLATION - NON HAZARDOUS                3      1     3             9      2     6      1      1     1      2      1      3            33 

  TRESPASS OF REAL PROPERTY                 2     13      5     5      4      7      5     4      2      4     1             2     13            67 

Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT]   /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy              12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                               Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 39-----------------------

         Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

                                                                                                                                             y 
                                                                                                         0      1      2      3     4        t 
                                           1      2      3      4      5     6      7      8      9                                          i 
                                                                                                         1      1      1      1     1        C 
  NIBRS Crime                              D      D      D      D      D     D      D      D      D                                          /   Total 
                                           C      C      C      C      C     C      C      C      C      D      D      D      D     D        t 
                                                                                                         C      C      C      C     C        u 
                                                                                                                                             O 

  UUMV                                       3      8     5      5      9      8      6      2      4     7      1      1             2      4     65 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD                                                                          1                                                      1 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - FV)       1      2      1     1                    1      1            3             1                    5     16 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - NFV)      1      2            1             1             1             1                   1      1             9 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY -  
                                                                                                                 1                                  1 
  BUSINESS) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY -  
                                             2      1                   1      2                                                             1      7 
  INDIVIDUAL) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (ALIAS/CAPIAS)           4     38     8      14     6      18     7      9      4     6      5      5      2      7      7     140 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - FV)           3      3     2      1                    6                   4      4      1      3             4     31 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - NFV)                 1            1                                         1     1                    4             8 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT (AGG) SBI- 
                                                                                                                                      1             1 
  TRAFFIC-RECKLESS DRIVING 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY -  
                                                    1                                                            1                                  2 
  BUSINESS) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY -  
                                                    1                                               2                                               3 
  RESIDENCE) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (CRIMINAL MISCHIEF)                          1                                                                           1      2 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (DRUG/NARCOTICS  
                                                                                      1                                                             1 
  VIOLATIONS) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (DWI)                                  1                                                                                        1 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (EVADING)                1      1      1                                                     1                                  4 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (HUMAN  
                                                                               1                                                             1      2 
  TRAFFICKING)(INVOLUNTARY SERVITUDE) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (MANSLAUGHTER)                                                                                             1                    1 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (MURDER)                        2      1            2             1                                                      1      7 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (ORGANIZED CRIME)                                   1                                                                           1 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (OTHERS)                       4             2             2             1                   1             1      1      2     14 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (PAROLE VIOLATION)              1      1                                 1                                                      3 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (PUBLIC  
                                                                                                                 1                                  1 
  INTOXICATION) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (RAPE)                   2                                                      1                                               3 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (ROBBERY -  
                                             1             1                   2                                                                    4 
  INDIVIDUAL) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (SEX OFFENSE -  
                                                    2                   1                                                                    3      6 
  INDECENT CONDUCT) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT - SHOPLIFT)                                                                                         1                    1 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT OTHER)                                       1             1                          1                    1      1      5 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (UNLAWFUL  
                                                                                                                               1                    1 
  RESTRAINT) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (VIOL  
                                                                               1                    2                                 2      1      6 
  BOND/PROTECTIVE ORDER) 

  WARRANT HOLD (FEDERAL AGENCY)                     1     2      1      1      8      1                                                      2     16 

  WARRANT HOLD (NOT A DPD WARRANT)          25     70     29     47     34    52     51     48     34     31     14     7      7     29     16    494 

  WEAPON LAW VIOLATIONS                      4      8     2      3      3      8     10      2            3      2             2      3      1     51 

  Total                                    126    357    140    215    138    367    195    194   118    138     96     72    86     209    63    2514 

Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT]     /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy              12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                                Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 40-----------------------

        Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                         and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy  12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                     Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 41-----------------------

          Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

Race                                 Count       Sex                         Count       Council District    Count       Zip Code          Top 30  
                                                                                                                                            Count 
American Indian or Alaska Native        8         Female                      625        CD 1                  126 
                                                                                                                          75220              184 
Asian                                  17         Male                        1889       CD 2                  357 
                                                                                                                          75216              150 
Black                                 1238       Total                       2514        CD 3                  140 
                                                                                                                          75215              129 
Hispanic or Latino                     813                                               CD 4                  215 
                                                                                                                          75217              126 
Middle Eastern                          9                                                CD 5                  138 
                                                                                                                          75241              113 
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander        2                                                CD 6                  367 
                                                                                                                          75243              113 
Unknown                                 1                                                CD 7                  195 
                                                                                                                          75211               93 
White                                  426                                               CD 8                  194 
                                                                                                                          75228               90 
Total                                 2514                                               CD 9                  118 
                                                                                                                          75201               84 
                                                                                         CD 10                 138 
                                                                                                                          75226               80 
                                                                                         CD 11                 96 
                                                                                                                          75204               75 
                                                                                         CD 12                 72 
                                                                                                                          75235               72 
                                                                                         CD 13                 86 
                                                                                                                          75229               72 
                                                                                         CD 14                 209 
                                                                                                                          75227               63 
                                                                                         Out/City              63 
                                                                                                                          75231               58 
                                                                                         Total                2514 
                                                                                                                          75202               58 

                                                                                                                          75237               56 

                                                                                                                          75208               55 

                                                                                                                          75232               54 

                                                                                                                          75224               53 

                                                                                                                          75206               53 

                                                                                                                          75207               51 

                                                                                                                          75287               49 

                                                                                                                          75240               47 

                                                                                                                          75219               42 

                                                                                                                          75212               41 

                                                                                                                          75210               39 

                                                                                                                          75238               36 

                                                                                                                          75223               32 

                                                                                                                          75214               28 

                                                                                                                         Total               2514 

 Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT]    /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy             12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                                Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 42-----------------------

        Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                             and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

 Arrest (Highest Charge)Type by  Race 
                                                        
                                                     r 
                                                     o                                           o                             
                                                     n                                           n                           c 
                                                                                                i                           i 
                                                     a                                           t                          f 
                                                     i                                           a             n            i 
                                                     d  e                                       L              r             c 
                                                        v                                                      e             a 
                                                     n  i                                        r             t             P 
                                                     I  t                                                      s 
NIBRS Crime                                          n  a                                        o             a             /             n 
                                                     a  N                                        c            E              n  r 
                                                                                                i                            a             w 
                                                     c                                           n             e            i   e 
                                                     i  a                                                     l           e i  d           o 
                                                     r  k            n            k              a            d           v  a             n 
                                                     e  s            a             c             p                        i     n 
                                                        a           i                            s            d           t  w  a         k 
                                                     m  l            s             a            i             i           a  a l           n 
                                                                                  l 
                                                                                                                                s 
                                                     A  A           A             B             H             M           N  H I           U 

AGG ASSAULT - FV                                       0             0            19            12             0             0             0 

AGG ASSAULT - NFV                                      0             0            19            10             0             0             0 

ALL OTHER LARCENY                                      0             0             3            14             0             0             0 

ALL OTHER OFFENSES                                     1             2            65            52             1             0             0 

APOWW                                                  1             4            157           73             1             0             0 

ARSON                                                  0             0             0             0             0             0             0 

BURGLARY-BUSINESS                                      0             0             2             0             0             0             0 

BURGLARY-RESIDENCE                                     0             0             6             3             0             0             0 

CREDIT CARD/ ATM FRAUD                                 0             0             0             1             0             0             0 

DESTRUCTION/ DAMAGE/ VANDALISM OF                      0             0            10             5             0             0             0 
PROPERTY 

DISORDERLY CONDUCT                                     1             0             9             1             0             1             1 

DRUG EQUIPMENT VIOLATIONS                              0             0             3             4             0             0             0 

DRUG/ NARCOTIC VIOLATIONS                              0             2            93            50             0             0             0 

DUI                                                    0             1            28            78             0             0             0 

EMBEZZELMENT                                           0             0             1             0             0             0             0 

FALSE PRETENSES/ SWINDLE/ CONFIDENCE GAME              0             0            14             6             0             0             0 

FAMILY OFFENSES, NONVIOLENT                            0             0             1             1             0             0             0 

FONDLING                                               0             0             1             1             0             0             0 

IDENTITY THEFT                                         0             0             4             1             0             0             0 

INTIMIDATION                                           0             0            12             6             1             0             0 

LIQUOR LAW VIOLATIONS                                  0             0             0             1             0             0             0 

NEGLIGENT MANSLAUGHTER                                 0             0             0             1             0             0             0 

PROSTITUTION                                           0             0            20             2             0             0             0 

PUBLIC INTOXICATION                                    2             0            26            35             0             0             0 

PURCHASING PROSTITUTION                                0             0             4             3             1             0             0 

RAPE                                                   0             0             2             4             0             0             0 

ROBBERY-BUSINESS                                       0             0             3             0             0             0             0 

ROBBERY-INDIVIDUAL                                     0             0             5             7             0             0             0 

SHOPLIFTING                                            0             0            12             5             0             0             0 

SIMPLE ASSAULT                                         2             0            149           119            0             0             0 

THEFT FROM MOTOR VEHICLE                               0             0             3             4             0             0             0 

Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy         12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                          Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 43-----------------------

           Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                               and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

 Arrest (Highest Charge)Type by  Race 

NIBRS Crime 

                                                       e 
                                                      t            l 
                                                      i            a 
                                                      h            t 
                                                                   o 
                                                      W            T 

AGG ASSAULT - FV                                       5           36 

AGG ASSAULT - NFV                                      3           32 

ALL OTHER LARCENY                                      6           23 

ALL OTHER OFFENSES                                    22          143 

APOWW                                                103          339 

ARSON                                                  1           1 

BURGLARY-BUSINESS                                      2           4 

BURGLARY-RESIDENCE                                     0           9 

CREDIT CARD/ ATM FRAUD                                 1           2 

DESTRUCTION/ DAMAGE/ VANDALISM OF                      4           19 
PROPERTY 

DISORDERLY CONDUCT                                    14           27 

DRUG EQUIPMENT VIOLATIONS                              0           7 

DRUG/ NARCOTIC VIOLATIONS                             18          163 

DUI                                                   15          122 

EMBEZZELMENT                                           0           1 

FALSE PRETENSES/ SWINDLE/ CONFIDENCE GAME              2           22 

FAMILY OFFENSES, NONVIOLENT                            0           2 

FONDLING                                               0           2 

IDENTITY THEFT                                         2           7 

INTIMIDATION                                           2           21 

LIQUOR LAW VIOLATIONS                                  0           1 

NEGLIGENT MANSLAUGHTER                                 0           1 

PROSTITUTION                                           5           27 

PUBLIC INTOXICATION                                   22           85 

PURCHASING PROSTITUTION                                0           8 

RAPE                                                   1           7 

ROBBERY-BUSINESS                                       1           4 

ROBBERY-INDIVIDUAL                                     2           14 

SHOPLIFTING                                            1           18 

SIMPLE ASSAULT                                        42          312 

THEFT FROM MOTOR VEHICLE                               1           8 

   Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy         12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                             Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 44-----------------------

        Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                             and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

 Arrest (Highest Charge)Type by  Race 
                                                        
                                                      r 
                                                      o                                           o                             
                                                      n                                           n                           c 
                                                                                                 i                           i 
                                                      a                                          t                           f 
                                                     i                                            a             n            i 
                                                     d   e                                       L              r             c 
                                                         v                                                      e             a 
                                                      n i                                         r            t             P 
                                                     I  t                                                       s 
NIBRS Crime                                           n  a                                        o             a            /              n 
                                                      a N                                         c            E              n  r 
                                                                                                 i                            a             w 
                                                      c                                           n             e            i   e 
                                                     i   a                                                     l           e i  d           o 
                                                      r k            n             k              a            d           v  a             n 
                                                      e  s           a             c              p                        i     n 
                                                         a           i                            s            d           t  w  a         k 
                                                      m l            s             a             i             i           a  a l           n 
                                                                                   l 
                                                                                                                                 s 
                                                     A  A            A             B             H             M           N H  I           U 

THEFT OF MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS OR                        0             0             0              1             0             0             0 
ACCESSORIES 

TRAFFIC VIOLATION - HAZARDOUS                          0             0             17            20             1             0             0 

TRAFFIC VIOLATION - NON HAZARDOUS                      0             0             18            12             0             0             0 

TRESPASS OF REAL PROPERTY                              0             1             45             7             0             0             0 

UUMV                                                   0             0             18            22             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD                                      0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - FV)                   0             0             9              6             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - NFV)                  0             1             2              4             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY - BUSINESS)             0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY -                       0             0             3              4             0             0             0 
INDIVIDUAL) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ALIAS/CAPIAS)                       0             0             82            43             1             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - FV)                       0             0             21             8             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - NFV)                      0             0             3              4             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT (AGG) SBI-                  0             0             1              0             0             0             0 
TRAFFIC-RECKLESS DRIVING 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY - BUSINESS)                0             0             2              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY - RESIDENCE)               0             0             1              2             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (CRIMINAL MISCHIEF)                  0             0             2              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (DRUG/NARCOTICS                      0             0             1              0             0             0             0 
VIOLATIONS) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (DWI)                                0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (EVADING)                            0             0             1              2             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (HUMAN TRAFFICKING)                  0             0             1              1             0             0             0 
(INVOLUNTARY SERVITUDE) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (MANSLAUGHTER)                       0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (MURDER)                             0             0             2              5             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ORGANIZED CRIME)                    0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (OTHERS)                             0             1             6              6             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (PAROLE VIOLATION)                   0             0             1              2             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (PUBLIC INTOXICATION)                0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (RAPE)                               0             0             0              3             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ROBBERY - INDIVIDUAL)               0             0             1              2             0             0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (SEX OFFENSE - INDECENT              0             0             1              5             0             0             0 
CONDUCT) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT - SHOPLIFT)                   0             0             1              0             0             0             0 

Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy          12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                           Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 45-----------------------

           Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

 Arrest (Highest Charge)Type by  Race 

NIBRS Crime 

                                                        e 
                                                        t           l 
                                                       i             a 
                                                       h             t 
                                                                     o 
                                                       W            T 

THEFT OF MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS OR                         0            1 
ACCESSORIES 

TRAFFIC VIOLATION - HAZARDOUS                           0           38 

TRAFFIC VIOLATION - NON HAZARDOUS                       3           33 

TRESPASS OF REAL PROPERTY                              14           67 

UUMV                                                   25           65 

WARRANT DALLAS PD                                       0            1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - FV)                    1           16 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - NFV)                   2            9 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY - BUSINESS)              0            1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY -                        0            7 
INDIVIDUAL) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ALIAS/CAPIAS)                       14          140 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - FV)                        2           31 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - NFV)                       1            8 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT (AGG) SBI-                   0            1 
TRAFFIC-RECKLESS DRIVING 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY - BUSINESS)                 0            2 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY - RESIDENCE)                0            3 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (CRIMINAL MISCHIEF)                   0            2 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (DRUG/NARCOTICS                       0            1 
VIOLATIONS) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (DWI)                                 0            1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (EVADING)                             1            4 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (HUMAN TRAFFICKING)                   0            2 
(INVOLUNTARY SERVITUDE) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (MANSLAUGHTER)                        0            1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (MURDER)                              0            7 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ORGANIZED CRIME)                     0            1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (OTHERS)                              1           14 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (PAROLE VIOLATION)                    0            3 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (PUBLIC INTOXICATION)                 0            1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (RAPE)                                0            3 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (ROBBERY - INDIVIDUAL)                1            4 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (SEX OFFENSE - INDECENT               0            6 
CONDUCT) 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT - SHOPLIFT)                    0            1 

   Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy           12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                               Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 46-----------------------

        Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                           and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

 Arrest (Highest Charge)Type by  Race 
                                                      
                                                    r 
                                                    o                                         o                            
                                                    n                                         n                          c 
                                                                                              i                          i 
                                                    a                                         t                          f 
                                                   i                                          a             n            i 
                                                   d   e                                      L             r            c 
                                                       v                                                    e            a 
                                                    n i                                       r            t             P 
                                                    I t                                                     s 
NIBRS Crime                                         n  a                                      o             a            /             n 
                                                    a N                                       c            E             n  r 
                                                                                              i                           a            w 
                                                    c                                         n             e            i  e 
                                                   i   a                                                   l           e i  d          o 
                                                    r k            n            k             a            d           v a             n 
                                                    e  s           a            c             p                       i     n 
                                                       a          i                           s            d          t  w  a         k 
                                                    m l            s            a             i            i           a a  l          n 
                                                                                l 
                                                                                                                            s 
                                                    A A            A            B             H            M          N  H  I          U 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT OTHER)                      0             0            3             1             0            0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (UNLAWFUL RESTRAINT)               0             0            0             1             0            0             0 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (VIOL BOND/PROTECTIVE              0             0            4             2             0            0             0 
ORDER) 

WARRANT HOLD (FEDERAL AGENCY)                        0             0            13            1             1            0             0 

WARRANT HOLD (NOT A DPD WARRANT)                     0             5           267           139            1            1             0 

WEAPON LAW VIOLATIONS                                1             0            35           11             1            0             0 

Total                                                8            17           1238          813            9            2             1 

Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy      12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                        Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 47-----------------------

           Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                              and Zip Code: Nov-2002   

 Arrest (Highest Charge)Type by  Race 

NIBRS Crime 

                                                     e 
                                                     t           l 
                                                     i           a 
                                                     h           t 
                                                                 o 
                                                     W           T 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT OTHER)                      1           5 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (UNLAWFUL RESTRAINT)               0           1 

WARRANT DALLAS PD (VIOL BOND/PROTECTIVE              0           6 
ORDER) 

WARRANT HOLD (FEDERAL AGENCY)                        1           16 

WARRANT HOLD (NOT A DPD WARRANT)                    81          494 

WEAPON LAW VIOLATIONS                                3           51 

Total                                               426        2514 

   Source:[GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24],[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT] /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy     12/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                           Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 

----------------------- Page 48-----------------------

                                                                                  

                                                                                  

          Memorandum  

            

            

            
                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                       

            

   DATE   December 6, 2024                                                                                               CITY OF DALLAS  

      TO  Members of the Community Police Oversight Board                                          

SUBJECT   Complaints Received from October 1, 2024, to November 30, 2024  

                                                                                                                                                         

          During the period from October 1, 2024, to November 30, 2024, the Office of Community  
          Police Oversight (OCPO) received a total of 198 complaints. Each complaint undergoes an  
          initial  review  by  the  OCPO,  in  collaboration  with  the  Dallas  Police  Department’s  Internal  
          Affairs Division (IAD), to determine the appropriate investigation type :  

               •     Control Number (CN)  –  For allegations that could result in a written reprimand or  
                     higher. These complaints are investigated by the Internal Affairs Division.  

               •     Division Referral  (DR)  –  For less severe allegations that could result in corrective  
                     action of Advice and Instruction, Documented Counseling, or a Supervisors Report of  
                     Correction. These complaints are investigated by the accused officer’s division.  

               •     No Investigation (NI) – For cases that the Internal Affairs Division will not investigate.  
                     For example, allegations of misconduct received after 60 days.  

               •     Public Integrity (PI) –  For allegations of criminal conduct by police officers. These  
                     complaints are investigated by the Public Integrity Unit.  

          Complaint Breakdown  

          The 198 complaints received were categorized as follows:  

               •     97 classified as No Investigation (NI)  
               •     10 classified as Division Referral (DR)  
               •     3 classified as Control Number (CN)  
               •     89 complaints are pending determination  

          Non-Pending Complaints  

          The remaining complaints (those already reviewed) were further categorized:  

               •     15 were Duplicate Complaints  
               •     5 involved Non-Employees  
               •     4 involved Outside Agencies  
               •     8 required More Information  

----------------------- Page 49-----------------------

                                                              

                                                              

          •   4 pertained to Guilt or Innocence  
          •    1 involved a Third Party  
          •    13 were determined to have No Violation  
          •    14  were  determined  to  have  No  Violation  based  on  Body-Worn  Camera  (BWC)  
               evidence  
          •    11  lacked clear articulation of a specific issue against the Dallas Police Department  
               (DPD)  

      This report summarizes complaints received during the OCPO’s 2024-2025 fiscal year, which  
      runs from October 1, 2024, through September 30, 2025.  

   Inc: IA No           Inc:             Inc:             Inc:            Inc:              Inc:                Inc: Sub- 
                      Incident      Investigative      Received       Completed      Classification          Classification  
                        type             unit             date            date  
EC2024-1161         External        Police            9/27/2024       10/8/2024      No                  More Information  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1130         External        Police            9/30/2024       10/1/2024      No                  Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1128         External        Police            9/30/2024       10/1/2024      No                  Information Referred  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation       to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1131         External        Police            9/30/2024       10/1/2024      No                  No Violation  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1137         External        Police            9/30/2024       10/3/2024      No                  No Violation  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1135         External        Police            9/30/2024       10/2/2024      No                  Outside Agency  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1138         External        Police            10/1/2024       10/3/2024      No                  Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1134         External        Police            10/1/2024       10/2/2024      No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1154         External        Police            10/1/2024       10/7/2024      No                  Information Referred  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation       to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1129         External        Police            10/1/2024       10/1/2024      No                  More Information  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1139         External        Police            10/2/2024       10/3/2024      No                  Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  

----------------------- Page 50-----------------------

                                                              

                                                              

EC2024-1132         External        Police            10/2/2024       10/2/2024      No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1133         External        Police            10/2/2024       10/2/2024      No                  Guilt or Innocence  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1144         External        Police            10/2/2024       10/4/2024      No                  Information Referred  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation       to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1148         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      No                  Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1142         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1136         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/3/2024      No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1143         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1140         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/3/2024      No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1145         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      Divisional          Improper Action  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1151         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      Divisional          Improper Action  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1145         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      Divisional          Improper Action  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1150         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/4/2024      No                  No Violation  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1141         External        Police            10/3/2024       10/3/2024      No                  Outside Agency  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1146         External        Police            10/4/2024       10/4/2024      No                  Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1147         External        Police            10/4/2024       10/4/2024      No                  Information Referred  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation       to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  

----------------------- Page 51-----------------------

                                                              

                                                              

EC2024-1152         External       Police            10/4/2024       10/4/2024       No                 More Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1153         External       Police            10/4/2024       10/7/2024       No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1149         External       Police            10/4/2024       10/4/2024       No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1160         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/8/2024       No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1156         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/7/2024       No                 Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1157         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/7/2024       No                 Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1159         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/8/2024       No                 Guilt or Innocence  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1165         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/9/2024       Divisional         Improper Action  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1158         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/7/2024       No                 Information Only  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1155         External       Police            10/7/2024       10/7/2024       No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1162         External       Police            10/8/2024       10/8/2024       No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1164         External       Police            10/8/2024       10/9/2024       No                 Guilt or Innocence  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1163         External       Police            10/8/2024       10/9/2024       No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1166         External       Police            10/8/2024       10/9/2024       No                 More Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1183         External       Police            10/9/2024       10/16/2024      No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  

----------------------- Page 52-----------------------

                                                             

                                                             

EC2024-1182         External       Police            10/10/2024      10/16/2024     No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1171         External       Police            10/10/2024      10/11/2024     No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1169         External       Police            10/10/2024      10/10/2024     No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1168         External       Police            10/10/2024      10/10/2024     No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1170         External       Police            10/10/2024      10/10/2024     No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1167         External       Police            10/10/2024      10/10/2024     No                 Non Employee  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1202         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/21/2024     No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1184         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/16/2024     No                 Guilt or Innocence  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1174         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/15/2024     No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1185         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/16/2024     No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1176         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/15/2024     No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1172         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/11/2024     No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1177         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/15/2024     No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1173         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/11/2024     No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  
EC2024-1179         External       Police            10/11/2024      10/16/2024                           
                    Complaint      Oversight  
EC2024-1178         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/15/2024     No                 Information Only  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                    Conducted  

----------------------- Page 53-----------------------

                                                              

                                                              

EC2024-1180         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/16/2024      No                 More Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1191         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1186         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1193         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1193         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1188         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1175         External       Police            10/15/2024      10/15/2024      No                 Outside Agency  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1189         External       Police            10/16/2024      10/17/2024      No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1187         External       Police            10/16/2024      10/17/2024      Divisional         Improper Action  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1195         External       Police            10/16/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1181         External       Police            10/16/2024      10/16/2024      No                 Non Employee  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1206         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/22/2024      No                 Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1196         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/17/2024      No                 More  Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1192         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/17/2024      No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1197         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/18/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  

----------------------- Page 54-----------------------

                                                              

                                                              

EC2024-1203         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/22/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1190         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/17/2024      No                 Non Employee  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1194         External       Police            10/17/2024      10/17/2024      No                 Third Party  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1200         External       Police            10/18/2024      10/21/2024      No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1198         External       Police            10/18/2024      10/18/2024      No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1199         External       Police            10/18/2024      10/18/2024      No                 More Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1205         External       Police            10/18/2024      10/22/2024      No                 More Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1208         External       Police            10/18/2024      10/22/2024      No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1204         External       BT Request        10/18/2024      10/22/2024                            
                    Complaint      for Contrl No  
EC2024-1201         External       Police            10/21/2024      10/21/2024      Administrative     Harassment  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1215         External       Police            10/21/2024      10/24/2024      No                 More Information  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1207         External       Police            10/21/2024      10/22/2024      No                 No Violation  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1214         External       Police            10/22/2024      10/23/2024      No                 Duplicate Complaint  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1212         External       Police            10/22/2024      10/23/2024      No                 Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1210         External       Police            10/22/2024      10/22/2024      Divisional         Improper Action  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1217         External       Police            10/22/2024      10/24/2024      No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint      Oversight                                         Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  

----------------------- Page 55-----------------------

                                                              

                                                              

EC2024-1209         External        Police            10/22/2024      10/22/2024     No                  No Violation  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1211         External        Police            10/22/2024      10/23/2024     No                  No Violation  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1213         External        Police            10/22/2024      10/23/2024     No                  No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1218         External        Police            10/23/2024      10/24/2024     No                  Information Referred  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation       to Divisions  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1216         External        Police            10/23/2024      10/24/2024     No                  No Violation  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1221         External        Police            10/24/2024      10/25/2024     No                  No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1219         External        Police            10/24/2024      10/24/2024     No                  No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1220         External        Police            10/24/2024      10/25/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1226         External        Police            10/25/2024      10/29/2024     Divisional          Improper or No  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation       Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1228         External        Police            10/25/2024      10/29/2024     No                  No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1224         External        Police            10/25/2024      10/28/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1227         External        Police            10/25/2024      10/29/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1223         External        Police            10/27/2024      10/28/2024     No                  Outside Agency  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1239         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/30/2024     No                  Fail to Articulate  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  
EC2024-1241         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/31/2024     Divisional          Improper Action  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Citizen  
                                                                                     Impact  
EC2024-1235         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/30/2024     No                  No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                        Investigation  
                                                                                     Conducted  

----------------------- Page 56-----------------------

                                                               

                                                               

EC2024-1237         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/30/2024      No                 Non Employee  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                      Conducted  
EC2024-1258         External        Police            10/28/2024      11/5/2024       Administrative      Improper Comments  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                         Citizen  
                                                                                      Impact  
EC2024-1236         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/30/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1225         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/28/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1222         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/28/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1238         External        Police            10/28/2024      10/30/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1242         External        Police            10/29/2024      10/31/2024      Divisional          Improper Action  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                      Citizen  
                                                                                      Impact  
EC2024-1231         External        Police            10/29/2024      10/30/2024      No                 No Violation BWC  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                      Conducted  
EC2024-1230         External        Police            10/29/2024      10/29/2024      No                 Non Employee  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                      Conducted  
EC2024-1273         External        Police            10/29/2024      11/12/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1234         External        Police            10/29/2024      10/30/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1229         External        Police            10/29/2024      10/29/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1240         External        Police            10/29/2024      10/31/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1233         External        Police            10/30/2024      10/30/2024      No                 Outside Agency  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                         Investigation  
                                                                                      Conducted  
EC2024-1232         External        Police            10/30/2024      10/30/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1248         External        Police            10/30/2024      11/5/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1243         External        Police            10/30/2024      10/31/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1251         External        Police            10/31/2024      11/4/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1249         External        Police            10/31/2024      11/4/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1246         External        Police            10/31/2024      11/1/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  

----------------------- Page 57-----------------------

                                                               

                                                               

EC2024-1253         External        Police             11/1/2024       11/4/2024       Administrative     Improper Action  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                          Citizen  
                                                                                       Impact  
EC2024-1250         External        Police             11/1/2024       11/4/2024       No                 Information Referred  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                          Investigation      to Divisions  
                                                                                       Conducted  
EC2024-1245         External        Police             11/1/2024       11/1/2024       No                 Outside Agency  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                          Investigation  
                                                                                       Conducted  
EC2024-1252         External        Police             11/1/2024       11/4/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1244         External        Police             11/1/2024       11/1/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1247         External        Police             11/1/2024       11/1/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1256         External        Police             11/4/2024       11/5/2024       Divisional         Discourtesy or  
                    Complaint       Oversight                                          Investigation      Unprofessionalism  
                                                                                       Citizen  
                                                                                       Impact  
EC2024-1255         External        Police             11/4/2024       11/5/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1254         External        Police             11/4/2024       11/4/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1257         External        Police             11/4/2024       11/5/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1282         External        Police             11/4/2024       11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1262         External        Police             11/5/2024       11/7/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1266         External        Police             11/5/2024       11/8/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1263         External        Police             11/6/2024       11/7/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1259         External        Police             11/6/2024       11/6/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1267         External        BT Request         11/6/2024       11/8/2024                             
                    Complaint       for Contrl No  
EC2024-1267         External        BT Request         11/6/2024       11/8/2024                             
                    Complaint       for Contrl No  
EC2024-1265         External        Police             11/6/2024       11/7/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1264         External        Police             11/6/2024       11/7/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1261         External        Police             11/6/2024       11/6/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1260         External        Police             11/6/2024       11/6/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  

----------------------- Page 58-----------------------

                                                               

                                                               

EC2024-1268         External        Police            11/8/2024       11/8/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1269         External        Police            11/8/2024       11/8/2024                             
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1289         External        Police            11/8/2024       11/15/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1270         External        Police            11/12/2024      11/12/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1274         External        Police            11/12/2024      11/12/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1275         External        Police            11/12/2024      11/12/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1271         External        Police            11/12/2024      11/12/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1272         External        Police            11/12/2024      11/12/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1287         External        Police            11/12/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1276         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1278         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1292         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/15/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1283         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1277         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1279         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1281         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1280         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1284         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1285         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1286         External        Police            11/13/2024      11/13/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1288         External        Police            11/14/2024      11/14/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1293         External        Police            11/14/2024      11/15/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1290         External        Police            11/14/2024      11/15/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1291         External        Police            11/14/2024      11/15/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  

----------------------- Page 59-----------------------

                                                               

                                                               

EC2024-1296         External        Police            11/15/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1298         External        Police            11/15/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1301         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1312         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/25/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1297         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1299         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1300         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1294         External        Police            11/18/2024                                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1303         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/19/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1295         External        Police            11/18/2024      11/18/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1308         External        Police            11/19/2024      11/20/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1305         External        Police            11/19/2024      11/19/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1302         External        Police            11/19/2024      11/19/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1306         External        Police            11/19/2024      11/19/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1310         External        Police            11/19/2024      11/22/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1304         External        Police            11/19/2024      11/19/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1307         External        Police            11/20/2024      11/20/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1322         External        Un-assigned       11/20/2024      11/27/2024                            
                    Complaint  
EC2024-1314         External        Complaint         11/20/2024      11/25/2024                            
                    Complaint       Processing  
                                    Sgt  
EC2024-1313         External        Police            11/21/2024      11/25/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1318         External        Police            11/21/2024      11/26/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1309         External        Police            11/21/2024      11/21/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  
EC2024-1317         External        Police            11/22/2024      11/25/2024                            
                    Complaint       Oversight  

----------------------- Page 60-----------------------

                                                                         

                                                                         

EC2024-1319             External          Police               11/22/2024         11/26/2024                                  
                        Complaint         Oversight  
EC2024-1311             External          Police               11/22/2024         11/22/2024                                  
                        Complaint         Oversight  
EC2024-1316             External          Police               11/25/2024         11/25/2024                                  
                        Complaint         Oversight  
EC2024-1315             External          Police               11/25/2024         11/25/2024                                  
                        Complaint         Oversight  
EC2024-1320             External          Police               11/25/2024         11/26/2024                                  
                        Complaint         Oversight  
EC2024-1321             External          Police               11/27/2024         11/27/2024                                  
                        Complaint         Oversight  
         

                                                                         

----------------------- Page 61-----------------------

                                           External Administrative Complaints Received as of 12/02/2024 for Fiscal Year 2024-2025 
                                                     Oct         Nov          Dec          Jan          Feb        March         April        May          June         July         Aug         Sept 
Total External Complaints by Source              DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO   DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO    DPD  OCPO 
DPD Total                                           89     0     54     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 
External Email                                      29           20 
External Fax                                                      1 
External Letter                                      5            5 
External Telephone 
External Online Form                                 5            2 
External Walk-in DPD                                50           26 

OCPO Total                                          29     0     20     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 
External Email OCPO                                  9            9 
External Fax OCPO 
External Letter OCPO                                 1 
External Telephone OCPO 
External Online Form OCPO                           19            9 
External Walk-in OCPO                                             2 
Grand Total                                        118     0     74     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 

                  External Complaints Processed by Internal Affairs as of 12/02/2024 
Divisional Investigations with Category              9     0      1     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 
Discourtesy or Unprofessionalism                                  1 
Fail to Complete Reports  
Improper Action                                      8 
Improper Comments 
Improper or No Investigation                         1 

Internal Affairs Investigations and Category       2     0      1     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 
Abuse of Authority 
Adverse Conduct 
Dispatch/911 Violation 
Discourtesy to Other Employees 
Failed to Complete Report on Time 
Failed to Secure Property 
Harassment                                           1 
Improper or False Arrest 
Improper or No Investigation 
Improper Release of Information 
Incomplete or Erroneous Report 
Inquiry 
Lost/Damaged Citizen Property 
Mistreatment of Citizen 
Placed Citizen in Danger 
Racial Profiling 
Use of Force 
Improper Action or Comments                          1            1 
Complaints Referred to the Public Integrity Unit     2            0 

Preliminary Investigation and Outcome              107     0     72     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 
Did not meet criteria 
Duplicate Complaint                                 15 
Fail to Articulate                                  11 
Guilt or Innocence                                   4 
Information Only                                    13            1 
More Information                                     8 
Need Signature 
No Violation                                        13 
No Violation BWC                                    14 
Non Employee                                         5 
Other (Outside Agency)                               4            1 
Training Recommendation 
Possible 
Sixty Day 
Third Party                                          1 
Unknown Officer 
OCPO Investigation 
Recent EC's under review (as of 12/02/2024)         19           70 
Grand Totals                                      118    0     74     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0     0     0      0     0      0     0      0 

The Internal Affairs Division calculates monthly complaints by the received date, and not by the number of forms submitted regarding a complaint.  OCPO complaint data was received by OCPO personnel  
who may have differing counting methods.  *Data pulled from IAPro as of 12/02/2024, at app. 9:30 am.  

----------------------- Page 62-----------------------

                                                                             Office Hours: Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. 
                                                                                                              th 
                                                                                         1500 Marilla St., 5   Floor, Dallas, TX 75201  
                                                                                                              Email: OCPO@dallas.gov  
                                                                                                 24/7 Complaint Line: 214-671-8283 
                                                                                                                      dallascityhall.com 

                                                    Commendation Form 

If you would like to commend an employee of the Dallas Police Department, please fill out this form  
and email it to OCPO@dallas.gov or mail it to the address listed above. The Office of Community Police  
Oversight (OCPO) is committed to providing the best service possible and community feedback is  
essential to succeed in this goal. If you don’t know the officers name or badge number, please provide the  
date, time and circumstances leading to your compliment. Efforts will be made to identify the officer(s)  
involved. Your comments will be provided to the Dallas Police Department and be reviewed by the  
commended employee and his/her commanding officer.  

                                                       Your Information 

First Name and Last Name:                                                                                 
  
                                                                       
Address:                                                                                                             Date of Birth:  
  
                                                                       
City:                                                                  State:                           Zip Code:  
  
                                                                       
Phone:                                                                 Email: 

How did you hear about OCPO? 

Preferred Language:                                           Gender: 
F  Spanish                        F  French                   F  Female              F  Transgender 
F  Vietnamese                     F  Arabic                   F  Male                F  Gender not listed 
F  Chinese (Simplified)           F  Swahili                  F  Non-binary          F  Prefer not to say 

F  Korean                         F  Burmese                  Race/Ethnicity: 
F  Amharic                        F  Hindi                    F  African American/Black                         F  East Asian 
                                                              F  American Indian/Alaska Native                  F  Hispanic/Latinx 
Language Interpretation Services Needed?                      F  Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander               F  Middle Eastern 
                                                              F  White/Caucasian                                F  South Asian 
F  Yes     F  No 
                                                              F  Multiracial                                    F  Southeast Asian 
                                                              F  Other Race/Ethnicity                           F  Prefer not to say 

This information is gathered for the purposes of identifying disparate treatment of any particular protected  
class; a response is not required but recommended to identify potential disparities. 

                                                     Officer Information 
              If the officer’s name is not known, describe the Police employee(s) you are commending. 

Officer(s) Name or Description:  

Badge Number(s):                                                      Vehicle Number(s): 

                                                        Incident Details 

Where did it happen?                                                  Incident Date/Time: 

Please write a brief summary of your commendation. (If you require additional space for your written  
statement, please utilize the writing section provided on the back of the form.) 

----------------------- Page 63-----------------------

                                                                            Commendation Intake Log (staff use only): 
                                                                            Name: ____________________________________ 
                                                                            Title: _____________________________________ 
                                                                            Date: _____________________________________    

Signature:                                                                              Date: 

----------------------- Page 64-----------------------

                                                                       Horario de Oficina: Lunes – viernes 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. 
                                                                                         1500 Marilla St., 5º Piso, Dallas, TX 75201  
                                                                                              Correo electrónico: OCPO@dallas.gov  
                                                                                                Línea de quejas 24/7: 214-671-8283 
                                                                                                                    dallascityhall.com 

                                            Formulario de Reconocimiento 

Si desea elogiar a un empleado del Departamento de Policía de Dallas, por favor, complete este formulario  
y envíelo por correo electrónico a OCPO@dallas.gov o por correo a la dirección que se indica arriba. La  
Oficina de Supervisión Comunitaria de la Policía (OCPO, por sus siglas en inglés) está comprometida a  
brindar el mejor servicio posible, y los comentarios de la comunidad son fundamentales lograrlo. Si no  
conoce el nombre o el número de placa del oficial, proporcione la fecha, horario y las circunstancias que  
llevaron a su elogio. Se realizarán esfuerzos para identificar al o los oficiales. Sus comentarios serán  
enviados al Departamento de Policía de Dallas y serán revisados por el empleado reconocido y su oficial 
al mando. 

                                                        Su Información 

Nombre y apellido:                                                                                       
  
                                                                      
Dirección:                                                                                                          Fecha de nacimiento:  
  
                                                                      
Ciudad:                                                               Estado:                          Código postal:  
  
                                                                      
Teléfono:                                                             Correo electrónico: 

¿Cómo se enteró de la OCPO? 

Idioma de Preferencia:                                 Género: 
F  Español                       F  Francés            F  Femenino            F  Transgénero 
F  Vietnamita                    F  Árabe              F  Masculino           F  Género no figura en la lista  
F  Chino (simplificado)          F  Suajili            F  No Binario          F  Prefiero no decirlo 

F  Coreano                       F  Birmano            Raza/etnicidad: 
F  Amárico                       F  Hindi              F  Afroamericano/negro                                 F  Este de Asia 
                                                       F  Indígena Americano/Nativo de Alaska F  Hispano/Latino 
¿Necesita Servicios de Interpretación de  
Idiomas?                                               F  Nativo hawaiano/Isleño del Pacífico                 F  Medio Oriente 
                                                       F  Blanco/caucásico                                    F  Sur de Asia 
F  Sí      F  No 
                                                       F  Multirracial                                        F  Sureste de Asia 
                                                       F  Otra raza/etnicidad                                 F  Prefiero no decirlo 

Esta información se recopila con el propósito de identificar un trato desigual hacia cualquier clase protegida en  
particular; no es obligatorio responder pero se recomienda para identificar posibles disparidades. 

                                                  Información del Oficial 
     Si no se conoce el nombre del oficial, describa al o los empleados de la policía que está reconociendo. 

Nombre o descripción del o los oficiales:  

Número(s) de placa:                                                           Número(s) del vehículo: 

                                              Detalles del Acontecimiento 

¿Dónde ocurrió?                                              Fecha/horario del acontecimiento: 

Por favor, escriba un breve resumen de su reconocimiento. (Si necesita espacio adicional para su  
declaración, por favor, utilice la sección de escritura que figura en el reverso del formulario.) 

----------------------- Page 65-----------------------

                                         Registro de Recepción de Reconocimientos (uso exclusivo del personal): 
                                         Nombre: ______________________________________________________________ 
                                         Cargo: ________________________________________________________________ 
                                         Fecha: ________________________________________________________________    

Firma:                                                                           Fecha: 

----------------------- Page 66-----------------------

                                                                             Office Hours: Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. 
                                                                                                               th 
                                                                                         1500 Marilla St., 5   Floor, Dallas, TX 75201  
                                                                                                               Email: OCPO@dallas.gov  
                                                                                                  24/7 Complaint Line: 214-671-8283 
                                                                                                                      dallascityhall.com 

                                         Independent Review Request Form 

First Name and Last Name:                                                                                 Date:  
                                                                        
  
Address (optional):                                                                                                   Date of Birth:  
                                                                        
  
City:                                                                 State:                              Zip Code:  
  
                                                                        
Phone:                                                                Email:  

IAD Number:                                                           IAD Letter Date: 

What is the reason for your independent review request? 

I respectfully request that the Office of Community Police Oversight review the Dallas Police Department’s  
Internal Affairs Division (IAD) investigation and findings regarding my complaint. I acknowledge that  
the review may yield the same or similar conclusions as the original investigation. I also understand  
that this process is an impartial review of the facts, conduct, policies, and procedures employed by the  
Dallas Police Department (DPD) and that this is the sole purpose of the review. I understand that the  
review may result in my case being presented to the Community Police Oversight Board for further action  
and consideration. I know I may be called upon as a witness to share my experience with the board if  
necessary. 

I, THE undersigned _______________________ authorize the Office of Community Police Oversight to access, 
review, and evaluate any necessary documents, reports, or records related to my complaint to facilitate  
this review. Signed this on the _____ day of ___________.  

Signature:                                                             Date: 

                                           Additional Information Provided 

If you’d like to provide additional information, please select all applicable options: 

F  Witness Statement             F  Video Footage          F  Documents           F  Other Supporting Evidence 

Preferred Language:                                           Gender: 
F  Spanish                        F  French                   F  Female               F  Transgender 
F  Vietnamese                     F  Arabic                   F  Male                 F  Gender not listed 
F  Chinese (Simplified)           F  Swahili                  F  Non-binary           F  Prefer not to say 

F  Korean                         F  Burmese                  Race/Ethnicity: 
F  Amharic                        F  Hindi                    F  African American/Black                          F  East Asian 
                                                              F  American Indian/Alaska Native                   F  Hispanic/Latinx 
Language Interpretation Services Needed?                      F  Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander                F  Middle Eastern 
                                                              F  White/Caucasian                                 F  South Asian 
F  Yes     F  No 
                                                              F  Multiracial                                     F  Southeast Asian 
                                                              F  Other Race/Ethnicity                            F  Prefer not to say 

This information is gathered for the purposes of identifying disparate treatment of any particular protected  
class; a response is not required but recommended to identify potential disparities. 

----------------------- Page 67-----------------------

                                                                              Office Hours: Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. 
                                                                                                                th 
                                                                                          1500 Marilla St., 5   Floor, Dallas, TX 75201  
                                                                                                               Email: OCPO@dallas.gov  
                                                                                                   24/7 Complaint Line: 214-671-8283 
                                                                                                                       dallascityhall.com 

                                                        Complaint Form 

To start an administrative complaint against a Dallas Police Officer, please complete this form and  
submit it to the Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) via email, mail or in person. The OCPO is  
NOT part of the Dallas Police Department. Your complaint can be anonymous. By telling us about your  
experience, you help us better serve you and your community. 

First Name and Last Name (optional):                                                                      Date:  
                                                                         
  
Address (optional):                                                                                                    Date of Birth:  
                                                                         
  
City:                                                                  State:                             Zip Code:  
  
                                                                         
Phone (optional):                                                      Email (optional): 

What happened? Describe your experience with the Dallas Police Department. (If you require additional  
space for your written statement, please utilize the writing section provided on the back of the form.) 

Where did it happen?                                                   Incident Date/Time: 

Is a summons or arrest associated with the incident?  F  Yes                       F  No     F  I don’t know 

Are you interested in mediation?  F  Yes  F  No 
Mediation is an informal alternative to our traditional investigative process. Mediation allows the parties to  
meet and discuss their views of the case; clear up misunderstandings; identify underlying interests and  
concerns; find areas of agreement; and identify creative solutions. Mediation is a cooperative, voluntary  
process requiring the participation of all parties and representatives. 

Do you know the identification of the officer(s)?  F  Yes  F  No 
If yes, please list their Name and Badge Number: 

Were there witnesses?  F  Yes  F  No                (If yes, please list Name, Email and Phone Number:) 

Preferred Language:                                            Gender: 
F  Spanish                        F  French                   F  Female               F  Transgender 
F  Vietnamese                     F  Arabic                   F  Male                 F  Gender not listed 
F  Chinese (Simplified)           F  Swahili                  F  Non-binary           F  Prefer not to say 

F  Korean                         F  Burmese                   Race/Ethnicity: 
F  Amharic                        F  Hindi                    F  African American/Black                           F  East Asian 
                                                              F  American Indian/Alaska Native                    F  Hispanic/Latinx 
Language Interpretation Services Needed?                      F  Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander                 F  Middle Eastern 
                                                              F  White/Caucasian                                  F  South Asian 
F  Yes     F  No 
                                                              F  Multiracial                                      F  Southeast Asian 
                                                              F  Other Race/Ethnicity                             F  Prefer not to say 

This information is gathered for the purposes of identifying disparate treatment of any particular protected  
class; a response is not required but recommended to identify potential disparities. 

----------------------- Page 68-----------------------

                                                                                Complaint Intake Log (staff use only): 
                                                                                Name: ________________________________ 
                                                                                Title: __________________________________ 
                                                                                Date: _________________________________    

Signature:                                                                              Date: 

----------------------- Page 69-----------------------

                                                                        Horario de Oficina: Lunes – viernes 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. 
                                                                                           1500 Marilla St., 5º Piso, Dallas, TX 75201  
                                                                                                Correo electrónico: OCPO@dallas.gov  
                                                                                                  Línea de quejas 24/7: 214-671-8283 
                                                                                                                       dallascityhall.com 

                                                     Formulario de Queja 

Para iniciar una queja administrativa contra un oficial de la policía de Dallas, complete este formulario  
y envíelo a la Oficina de Supervisión Comunitaria de la Policía (OCPO) por correo electrónico, correo  
postal o en persona. La OCPO NO forma parte del Departamento de Policía de Dallas. Su queja puede  
ser anónima. Al compartir su experiencia, nos ayuda a servirle mejor a usted y a su comunidad. 

Nombre y apellido (opcional):                                                                    Fecha:  
                                                                         
  
Dirección (opcional):                                                                                      Fecha de nacimiento:  
                                                                         
  
Ciudad:                                                                Estado:                      Código postal:  
  
                                                                         
Teléfono (opcional):                                                   Correo electrónico (opcional): 

¿Qué sucedió? Describa su experiencia con el Departamento de Policía de Dallas. (Si requiere más  
espacio para su declaración por escrito, utilice la sección que se proporciona al reverso del formulario.) 

¿Dónde ocurrió?                                                            Fecha/hora del incidente: 

¿Se ha emitido un citatorio o se ha realizado un arresto asociado con el incidente? F                             Sí  F    No F    No lo sé 

¿Está interesado en la mediación?  F  Sí                F  No 
La mediación es una alternativa informal a nuestro proceso de investigación tradicional. Permite a las partes  
reunirse y expresar sus puntos de vista sobre el caso; aclarar malentendidos; identificar intereses y   
preocupaciones subyacentes; encontrar áreas de acuerdo; e identificar soluciones creativas. La mediación es  
un proceso cooperativo y voluntario que requiere la participación de todas las partes y representantes. 

¿Conoce la identificación del o los oficiales?              F  Sí     F  No 
Si es así, indique su nombre y número de placa: 

¿Hubo testigos?         F  Sí  F  No       (De ser así, indique el nombre, correo electrónico y teléfono:) 

Idioma preferido:                                        Género: 
F  Español                        F  Francés             F  Femenino            F  Transgénero 
F  Vietnamita                     F  Árabe               F  Masculino           F  Género no figura en la lista 
F  Chino (Simplificado)           F  Suajili             F  No binario          F  Prefiero no decirlo 

F  Coreano                        F  Birmano             Raza/etnicidad: 
F  Amárico                        F  Hindi               F  Afroamericano/negro                                 F  Este de Asia 
                                                         F  Indígena americano/Nativo de Alaska  F  Hispano/Latino 
¿Necesita Servicios de Interpretación                    F  Nativo hawaiano/Isleño del Pacífico                 F  Medio Oriente 
de Idiomas?                                              F  Blanco/caucásico                                    F  Sur de Asiá 
F  Sí      F  No                                         F  Multirracial                                        F  Sureste de Asia 
                                                         F  Otra raza/etnicidad                                 F  Prefiero no decirlo 

Esta información se recopila con el propósito de identificar un trato desigual hacia cualquier clase protegida en  
particular; no es obligatorio responder pero se recomienda para identificar posibles disparidades. 

----------------------- Page 70-----------------------

                                                      Registro de Recepción de Quejas (uso exclusivo del personal): 
                                                      Nombre: ____________________________________________________ 
                                                     Cargo: ______________________________________________________ 
                                                      Fecha: ______________________________________________________    

Firma:                                                                           Fecha: 

----------------------- Page 71-----------------------

       RESULTADOS DE LAS  
                   QUEJAS                                           CONTÁCTENOS 
Después de una investigación, los hallazgos 
se determinan según la evidencia recopilada: 

•   Infundada – los actos alegados en la queja 
                                                                       Alcaldía de Dallas 
      no ocurrieron. 
•   Exonerada  –  los  actos  alegados  en  la                       1500 Marilla St., 5DN  
    queja ocurrieron pero fueron justificados,                          Dallas, TX 75201  

    legales y apropiados. 
•   No sostenida –  no hay suficiente evidencia 
      para probar o refutar las alegaciones. 
•   Sostenida – hay una preponderancia de                                214-671-8283 
      evidencia que apoya las alegaciones                          Línea de Quejas 24 Horas 
      hechas en la queja. 
•   Completa  –  La  investigación  estableció                  MÁS INFORMACIÓN 
    los    hechos     de     una    Investigación  
    Administrativa  y  determinó  que  no  hubo  
    violaciones de las normas. 
                                                            Solicite una presentación o comparta 
                DISCIPLINA                               sus opiniones sobre las relaciones policía- 
                                                         comunidad enviando un correo electrónico 
El  jefe  de  la  Policía  determina  las  acciones  
disciplinarias    por    mala    conducta.     Las                    a OCPO@dallas.gov 

sanciones varían desde advertencias verbales 
hasta despido. Si OCPO no está de acuerdo  
con la acción disciplinaria, puede recomendar  
más acciones al administrador de la Ciudad.                              dal.city/OCPO 

                                                                    Para información sobre                         Fortaleciendo la relación entre 
                                                                   nuestra próxima reunión                            la policía y la comunidad y 
                                                                         pública, visite: 
                                                                    dal.city/CPOBMeetings                           mejorando la responsabilidad  

----------------------- Page 72-----------------------

           QUIÉNES SOMOS                                               PRESENTAR UNA                                          CÓMO SE RESUELVEN  
La Oficina de Supervisión Comunitaria de la                         QUEJA O UN ELOGIO                                                 LAS QUEJAS    
Policía  (OCPO)  fue  creada  el  24  de  abril  de  
                                                           Puede presentar una queja o un elogio sobre                 Una  vez  que  presenta  una  queja,  la  OCPO  
2019 por el Concejo de la Ciudad de Dallas.  
La   OCPO   apoya   a   la   Junta   Comunitaria           el DPD de las siguientes maneras:                           y  la   División    de    Asuntos     Internos    del  
de   Supervisión   a   la   Policía   (CPOB)   para        •   En línea: Envíe su queja en dal.city/OCPO               Departamento de Policía de Dallas revisarán  
garantizar que las quejas contra los oficiales             •   En  persona:  Visítenos  en  la  Alcaldía  de           las  acusaciones  para  determinar  el  tipo  de  
                                                                Dallas o en cualquier estación del DPD.                investigación necesaria:  
del Departamento de Policía de Dallas (DPD)                •   Correo  electrónico:  Envíe  a  OCPO@dallas.            •   Número de Control (CN) – Para acusaciones  
se   investiguen     de    manera     exhaustiva     y         gov                                                         que   podrían   resultar   en   una   reprimenda  
transparente. La OCPO revisa e investiga de                •   Correo   postal:   Alcaldía   de   Dallas,   1500           escrita   o   superior.    Estas    quejas    son  
manera  independiente  las  acusaciones  de                     Marilla St., 5DN, Dallas, TX 75201                         investigadas   por   la   División   de   Asuntos  
mala  conducta  para  fomentar  la  confianza                                                                              Internos. 
entre la comunidad, la Ciudad de Dallas y el               Los formularios de quejas están disponibles  
                                                           en inglés y español en las Bibliotecas Públicas             •   Remisión a División (DR) – Para acusaciones  
DPD.                                                       de   Dallas,   Centros   Recreativos   y   oficinas             menos     graves   que    podrían    resultar  en  
                                                           de  la  Liga  de  Ciudadanos  Latinoamericanos                  acciones     correctivas    como     Consejo     y  
             PARTICIPACIÓN                                 Unidos  (LULAC)  y  la  Asociación   Nacional                   Orientación,  Asesoramiento  Documentado,  
                                                                                                                           o un Informe de Corrección del Supervisor.  
              COMUNITARIA                                  para  el  Progreso  de  las  Personas  de  Color                Estas quejas son investigadas por la división  
                                                           (NAACP).                                                        del oficial acusado. 
Nos  dedicamos  a  educar  al  público  sobre  
el papel de la OCPO y el proceso de quejas.                                                                            •   Sin Investigación (NI) – Para casos que la  
Nuestra     oficina   participa    activamente      en        PREGUNTAS FRECUENTES                                         División de Asuntos Internos no investigará.  
eventos  comunitarios,  organiza  programas                ¿Por  qué  es  beneficioso  para  la  comunidad                 Por ejemplo, acusaciones de mala conducta  
educativos  y  colabora  con  organizaciones               presentar una queja?                                            recibidas después de 60 días. 
locales  para  fortalecer  la  relación  entre  la         Al   presentar   una   queja,   ayuda   a   mejorar         •   Integridad Pública (PI) – Para acusaciones  
policía y la comunidad.                                    las  políticas  y  prácticas  del  DPD.  Su  caso               de conducta criminal por parte de oficiales  
                                                           puede resaltar áreas para reformar y mejorar                    de la policía. Estas quejas son investigadas  
    NUESTRA JURISDICCIÓN                                   la   responsabilidad,      contribuyendo       a  una           por la Unidad de Integridad Pública. 
Revisamos y/o investigamos quejas                          comunidad más segura y transparente.                        •   Investigación  Independiente  –  En  algunos  
administrativas externas o incidentes críticos                                                                             casos,  la  OCPO  puede  realizar  su  propia  
                                                           ¿Puedo   presentar   una   queja   sin   saber   el             investigación     independiente,       reuniendo  
que involucran al Departamento de Policía de               nombre y número de placa del oficial?                           evidencia y presentando los hallazgos a la  
Dallas. Para incidentes que involucran a otras                                                                             CPOB. 
                                                           Sí,  podemos  identificar  al  oficial  utilizando  
agencias, contacte a la autoridad  
local o estatal correspondiente.                           los registros del DPD.                                      •   Mediación      –   La   mediación   ofrece   una  
                                                                                                                           oportunidad   para   que   los   civiles   y   los  
                                                           Si   estoy   en   la   cárcel,   ¿tengo   derecho   a           oficiales   de   la   policía   se   reúnan   en   un  
                   POLÍTICA                                presentar una queja?                                            espacio   seguro,   tranquilo   y   privado   con  
La    OCPO      proporciona      recomendaciones           Sí,   tiene    ese    derecho;     no    importa     si         un  mediador  capacitado  e  imparcial  para  
                                                                                                                           hablar confidencialmente sobre lo sucedido.  
al  administrador  de  la  Ciudad  y  al  jefe  de         está     actualmente       encarcelado.      Nuestro            La   mediación   es   un   proceso   voluntario,  
la  Policía  para  mejorar  los  procedimientos            investigador  o  un  detective  de  la  División                todas las partes deben estar de acuerdo en  
departamentales,          la     capacitación        y     de  Asuntos  Internos  del  DPD  puede  visitar                 participar. Puede solicitar mediación en su  
los    sistemas      de    detección      temprana,        cárceles  de  la  Ciudad  o  del  Condado  para                 formulario de queja. 
enfocándose  en  mejorar  la  responsabilidad,             entrevistar     a  los   denunciantes       o   puede  
la comunicación y el desempeño.                            enviarla por correo a nuestra oficina. 

----------------------- Page 73-----------------------

     COMPLAINT OUTCOMES 
After an investigation, findings are determined  
based on the evidence gathered:                                       CONTACT US 

•   Unfounded   –   the   acts   alleged   in   the  
    complaint did not occur. 
•   Exonerated   –   the   acts   alleged   in   the  
    complaint   occurred   but   were   justified,                       Dallas City Hall 
    lawful, and proper.                                              1500 Marilla St., 5DN  
•   Not  Sustained  –  there  is  not  sufficient                       Dallas, TX 75201  

    evidence     to   prove    or  disprove     the  
    allegations. 
•   Sustained – there is a preponderance of  
    evidence  in  support  of  the  allegations                          214-671-8283 
    made in the complaint.                                          24-Hour Complaint Line 
•   Complete – The investigation established  
    the facts of an Administrative Inquiry and                        LEARN MORE 
    determined that no violations of the rules  
    occurred. 

                DISCIPLINE                                   Request a presentation or share your 
The  Chief  of  Police  determines  disciplinary           thoughts on police-community relations 
actions    for  misconduct.     Penalties    range              by emailing OCPO@dallas.gov 

from verbal warnings to termination. If OCPO  
disagrees   with   the   disciplinary   action,   it  
can  recommend  further  action  to  the  City  
Manager.                                                                 dal.city/OCPO 

                                                                     For information on our                                    Strengthening 
                                                                   next public meeting, visit:                       Police-Community Relations 
                                                                    dal.city/CPOBMeetings 
                                                                                                                    and Enhancing Accountability 

----------------------- Page 74-----------------------

              WHO WE ARE                                         FILE A COMPLAINT                                       HOW COMPLAINTS 
The  Office  of  Community  Police  Oversight                     OR COMPLIMENT                                            ARE RESOLVED    
(OCPO)  was  established  on  April  24,  2019,         You  can  submit  a  complaint  or  compliment         Once  you  file  a  complaint,  the  OCPO  and  
by the Dallas City Council. OCPO support the            about the DPD in the following ways:                   the   Dallas    Police   Department’s      Internal  
Community Police Oversight Board (CPOB) in              •  Online: Submit at dal.city/OCPO                     Affairs Division will review the allegations to  
ensuring that complaints against Dallas Police  
                                                        •  In  Person:  Visit  us  at  Dallas  City  Hall  or  determine the necessary investigation type: 
Department  (DPD)  officers  are  investigated  
thoroughly and transparently. OCPO reviews                 any DPD locations.                                  •   Control  Number  (CN)  –  For  allegations  
and  independently  investigates  misconduct            •  Email: Send to OCPO@dallas.gov                          that could result in a written reprimand or  
allegations   to   promote   trust   between   the      •  Mail:  Dallas  City  Hall,  1500  Marilla  St.,         higher. These complaints are investigated  
                                                           5DN, Dallas, TX 75201                                   by the Internal Affairs Division. 
community, the City of Dallas and the DPD. 
                                                        Complaint forms are available in English and           •   Division  Referral  (DR)  –  For  less  severe  
 COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT                                   Spanish at Dallas Public Libraries, Recreation             allegations that could result in corrective  
                                                        Centers, and League of United Latin American               action    of    Advice     and    Instruction,  
We  are  dedicated  to  educating  the  public          Citizens (LULAC) and National Association for              Documented Counseling, or a Supervisors  
about OCPO’s role and the complaint process.            the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)                  Report  of  Correction.  These  complaints  
Our office actively participates in community  
                                                        offices.                                                   are  investigated  by  the  accused  officer’s  
events,   hosts   educational     programs,    and                                                                 division. 
collaborates with local organizations to foster  
stronger police-community relations.                           FREQUENTLY ASKED                                •   No  Investigation  (NI)  –  For  cases  that  
                                                                       QUESTIONS                                   the   Internal   Affairs  Division   will  not  
         OUR JURISDICTION                               Why  is  filing  a  complaint  beneficial  for  the        investigate.  For  example,  allegations  of  
                                                                                                                   misconduct received after 60 days. 
We    review    and/or     investigate    external      community? 
administrative complaints or critical incidents         By  filing  a  complaint,  you  help  to  improve      •   Public  Integrity  (PI)  –  For  allegations  of  
involving    the   Dallas   Police   Department.        DPD  policies  and  practices.  Your  case  can            criminal conduct by police officers. These  
For   incidents    involving    other   agencies,       highlight areas for reform and accountability,             complaints are investigated by the Public  
please contact the appropriate local or state           contributing   to   a   safer,   more   transparent        Integrity Unit. 
authority.                                              community.                                             •   Independent     Investigation    –   In  some  
                                                                                                                   cases,    OCPO     may    conduct    its   own  
                   POLICY                               Can  I  file  a  complaint  without  knowing  the          independent       investigation,     gathering  
                                                        officer’s name and badge number?                           evidence  and  presenting  findings  to  the  
OCPO     provides    recommendations       to   the     Yes,  we  can  identify  the  officer  using  DPD          CPOB. 
City Manager and Chief of Police to improve             records. 
                                                                                                               •   Mediation      –   Mediation     provides   an  
departmental procedures, training, and early  
warning   systems,   focusing   on   enhancing          If  I  am  in  jail,  do  I  have  the  right  to  file  a  opportunity for civilians and police officers  
                                                                                                                   to meet in a safe, quiet, and private space  
accountability,        communication           and      complaint?  
performance.                                            Yes,  you  have  that  right;  it  doesn’t  matter         with  a  trained  and  impartial  mediator  to  
                                                                                                                   talk confidentially about what happened.  
                                                        whether  you  are  currently  incarcerated.  Our  
                                                                                                                   Mediation     is  a  voluntary    process—all  
                                                        investigator or DPD’s Internal Affairs Division  
                                                                                                                   parties  must  agree  to  participate.  You  
                                                        Detective  can  visit  city  or  county  jails  to  
                                                                                                                   can request mediation on your complaint  
                                                        interview  complainants.  Or  you  can  mail  it           form. 
                                                        into our office.  

----------------------- Page 75-----------------------

                                        Know Your Rights: 
                                        Complaint Rights in Dallas 

The Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) reviews and independently investigates police  
misconduct allegations to promote trust between the community, the City of Dallas, and the Dallas Police  
Department (DPD). If you think you have experienced police misconduct, the OCPO may be able to assist  
you. 

Is the OCPO a part of the DPD?                                     What should I do if I experience  
No, OCPO is a civilian-led, impartial agency that                  retaliation for filing a complaint?  

operates independently from the DPD.                               If you suspect retaliation, contact the OCPO  
                                                                   immediately. We will refer the matter to DPD’s  
How many days do you have to file a                                Internal Affairs Division and may open a new  
complaint?                                                         investigation if necessary.   
All complaints will be accepted and reviewed when                    
they are received. Personnel complaints will not be                What happens after I file a complaint?  

investigated if more than 60 days have passed since                You will receive a letter from our office or  
the alleged incident, unless:                                      Internal Affair Division notifying you that 
•   The complaint involves a criminal violation, in                your complaint has been received.  

    which case the criminal statute of limitations will  
    apply. However, this will not prevent the Dallas               Staff at OCPO and DPD’s Internal Affair Division  
    Police Department from taking disciplinary                     will determine if it falls within our jurisdiction.  
    action if necessary to maintain the Department’s               If your complaint is not in our jurisdiction, it  
    integrity.                                                     is referred to the appropriate agency or entity  
                                                                   to investigate the incident. If it is within our  
•   The complainant can demonstrate good cause  
                                                                   jurisdiction, you will receive a letter informing  
    for not making the complaint within the specified  
                                                                   you of our next steps.  
    time limit. 

                                                                   Jurisdiction   
If I am in jail, do I have the right to file a  
complaint?                                                         The OCPO has the authority to review or  
                                                                   investigate critical incidents and complaints of  
Yes, you have that right; it doesn’t matter whether  
                                                                   alleged misconduct committed only by members  
you are currently incarcerated. Our investigator or  
                                                                   of the DPD. Complaints against members of  
DPD’s Internal Affairs Division Detective can visit city  
                                                                   police departments other than the DPD must be  
or county jails to interview complainants. Or you can              filed with the appropriate local or state authority. 
mail it into our office.   

                                                                   How are complaints resolved?     
Can you file a complaint as a third-party  
complainant?                                                       Once you file a complaint, the OCPO and the  
                                                                   Dallas Police Department’s Internal Affairs  
No, you cannot file a complaint as a third-party  
                                                                   Division will review the allegations to determine  
complainant. Allegations from a third party may be  
                                                                   the necessary investigation type:   
considered at the discretion of the Internal Affairs  
Division. These allegations must be in writing,                    •   Control Number (CN) – For allegations that  
signed by a person with first-hand knowledge of the                    could result in a written reprimand or higher.  
incident, and must be brought within the time limit                    These complaints are investigated by the  
for accepting formal complaints.                                       Internal Affairs Division. 

                                                                   •   Division Referral (DR) – For less severe  
Can I file a complaint without knowing the                             allegations that could result in corrective  
officer’s name and badge number?                                       action of Advice and Instruction,  
Yes, we can identify the officer using DPD records.                    Documented Counseling, or a Supervisors 

----------------------- Page 76-----------------------

•   Division Referral (DR) continued – Report of                     Complaint forms are available in English and  
    Correction. These complaints are investigated                    Spanish at Dallas Public Libraries, Recreation  
    by the accused officer’s division.                               Centers, League of United Latin American  
•   No Investigation (NI) – For cases that the                       Citizens (LULAC) and National Association for  
    Internal Affairs Division will not investigate. For              the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)  
    example, allegations of misconduct received                      offices.  
    after 60 days. 
                                                                     How long does it take to complete a full  
•   Public Integrity (PI) – For allegations of criminal              investigation?    
    conduct by police officers. These complaints are  
    investigated by the Public Integrity Unit.                       Every case is different. Sometimes, an  
                                                                     investigation can be done quickly, in a matter  
•   Independent Investigation – In some cases,  
                                                                     of a few months. Some investigations take  
    OCPO may conduct its own independent  
                                                                     longer. It depends on many things, such as the  
    investigation, gathering evidence and presenting  
                                                                     availability of witnesses and the complexity of  
    findings to the CPOB.  
                                                                     the incident, including the number of alleged  
•   Mediation – Mediation provides an opportunity                    victims and subject officers. 
    for civilians and police officers to meet in a  
    safe, quiet, and private space with a trained                    Does the OCPO discipline officers?     
    and impartial mediator to talk confidentially  
                                                                     No. the Chief of Police determines disciplinary  
    about what happened. Mediation is a voluntary                    actions for misconduct. Penalties range  
    process—all parties must agree to participate.                   from verbal warnings to termination. If OCPO  
    You can request mediation on your complaint  
                                                                     disagrees with the disciplinary action, it can  
    form. 
                                                                     recommend further action to the City Manager. 

Complaint Outcomes                                                   Do complaints remain on an officer’s  
After an investigation, findings are determined                      record?    
based on the evidence gathered: 
                                                                     Yes. Regardless of the outcome, all complaints  
•   Unfounded – the acts alleged in the complaint                    remain on an officer’s history, which is part of  
    did not occur.                                                   their personnel record at the police department.  
•   Exonerated – the acts alleged in the complaint                   This includes complaints that are resolved  
    occurred but were justified, lawful, and proper.                 through our mediation program.  

•   Not Sustained – there is not sufficient evidence  
    to prove or disprove the allegations.                            Can the OCPO help me with a summons  
                                                                     or arrest?    
•   Sustained – there is a preponderance of  
                                                                     No, we do not have the jurisdiction. A summons  
    evidence in support of the allegations made in  
                                                                     or an arrest can only be resolved in court. We  
    the complaint. 
                                                                     cannot provide any legal advice or assistance.  
•   Complete – The investigation established                         You should seek guidance from a licensed  
    the facts of an Administrative Inquiry and                       attorney.  
    determined that no violations of the rules  
    occurred.                                                        Why is filing a complaint beneficial for  
                                                                     the community?    
What can you do if you believe  
discrimination or misconduct has occurred?                           By filing a complaint, you help to improve DPD  
                                                                     policies and practices. Your case can highlight  
You can submit a complaint about the DPD in the                      areas for reform and accountability, contributing  
following ways:                                                      to a safer, more transparent community. 

•   Online: Submit at dal.city/OCPO 
•   In Person: Visit us at Dallas City Hall or any DPD                    Additional information about the OCPO,  
    locations.                                                           including information about filing a charge  
                                                                               of discrimination or misconduct, 
•   Email: Send to OCPO@dallas.gov 
                                                                                 is available at dal.city/OCPO. 
•   Mail: Dallas City Hall, 1500 Marilla St., 5DN,  
    Dallas, TX 75201 

                                                                                                         (Revised Oct. 16, 2024) 

----------------------- Page 77-----------------------

                                   Conozca sus Derechos: 
                                    Derechos de Queja en Dallas 

La Oficina de Supervisión Comunitaria de la Policía (OCPO) revisa e investiga de manera independiente 
las acusaciones de mala conducta policial para fomentar la confianza entre la comunidad, la Ciudad de 
Dallas y el Departamento de Policía de Dallas (DPD). Si usted considera que ha experimentado mala 
conducta policial, la OCPO puede asistirle. 

¿Forma parte la OCPO del DPD?                                ¿Qué debe hacer si sufre represalias por  
No, la OCPO es una agencia imparcial liderada por            interponer una queja?  
civiles que opera de manera independiente del DPD.           Si sospecha represalias, contacte  
                                                             inmediatamente a la OCPO. Remitiremos el  
¿Cuántos días tiene para presentar                           asunto a la División de Asuntos Internos del  
una queja?                                                   DPD y podremos abrir una nueva investigación  
                                                             si es necesario. 
Todas las quejas serán aceptadas y revisadas al ser 
recibidas. Las quejas de personal no serán                   ¿Qué sucede después de presentar una  
investigadas si han pasado más de 60 días desde el           queja?   
incidente alegado, a menos que:  
                                                             Usted recibirá una carta de nuestra oficina o  
•   La queja implique una violación criminal, en cuyo        de la División de Asuntos Internos  
    caso aplicará el plazo de prescripción penal. Sin        notificándole que su queja ha sido recibida. 
    embargo, esto no impedirá que el Departamento  
    de Policía de Dallas tome medidas disciplinarias         El personal de la OCPO y de la División de  
    si es necesario para mantener la integridad del          Asuntos Internos del DPD determinarán si está  
    departamento.                                            dentro de nuestra jurisdicción. Si su queja no  
•   El denunciante pueda demostrar una causa                 está en nuestra jurisdicción, será remitida a la  
   justificada para no presentar la queja dentro del         agencia o entidad apropiada para investigar el  
    plazo especificado.                                      incidente. Si está dentro de nuestra jurisdicción,  
                                                             recibirá una carta informándole de los próximos  
Si estoy en la cárcel, ¿tengo derecho a                      pasos. 
presentar una queja?                                         Jurisdicción  

Sí, usted tiene ese derecho; no importa si está              La OCPO tiene la autoridad para revisar o  
actualmente encarcelado. Nuestro investigador o un           investigar incidentes críticos y quejas de  
detective de la División de Asuntos Internos del DPD  
                                                             presunta mala conducta cometida solo por  
puede visitar cárceles de la Ciudad o del Condado            miembros del DPD. Las quejas contra miembros  
para entrevistar a los denunciantes o también puede          de departamentos de policía distintos al DPD  
enviar su queja por correo a nuestra oficina.                deben ser presentadas ante la autoridad local o  
                                                             estatal correspondiente. 
¿Puede presentar una queja como  
denunciante tercero?                                         ¿Cómo se resuelven las quejas?  

No, no puede presentar una queja como denunciante            Una vez que presente una queja, la OCPO y la  
tercero. Las alegaciones de un tercero pueden ser            División de Asuntos Internos del Departamento  
consideradas a discreción de la División de Asuntos          de Policía de Dallas revisarán las acusaciones  
Internos. Estas alegaciones deben estar por escrito,         para determinar el tipo de investigación  
firmadas por una persona con conocimiento directo            necesaria: 
del incidente, y deben ser presentadas dentro del            •  Número de Control (CN) – Para acusaciones  
plazo para aceptar quejas formales.                             que podrían resultar en una reprimenda  
                                                                escrita o superior. Estas quejas son  
¿Puede presentar una queja sin conocer el                       investigadas por la División de Asuntos  
nombre y número de placa del oficial?                           Internos. 
Sí, podemos identificar al oficial utilizando los            •  Remisión a División (DR) – Para acusaciones  
registros del DPD.                                              menos graves que podrían resultar en  
                                                                acciones correctivas como Consejo y  
                                                                Orientación, Asesoramiento Documentado, 
                                                                   o un Informe de Corrección del Supervisor. 

----------------------- Page 78-----------------------

•   Remisión a División (DR) continuación – Estas                   Los formularios de queja están disponibles en  
    quejas son investigadas por la división del                     inglés y español en las Bibliotecas Públicas  
    oficial acusado.                                                de Dallas, Centros Recreativos, y oficinas de la  
•   Sin Investigación (NI) – Para casos que la                      Liga de Ciudadanos Latinoamericanos Unidos  
                                                                    (LULAC) y la Asociación Nacional para el  
    División de Asuntos Internos no investigará.  
    Por ejemplo, acusaciones de mala conducta                       Progreso de las Personas de Color (NAACP).  
    recibidas después de 60 días. 
•   Integridad Pública (PI) – Para acusaciones                      ¿Cuánto tiempo lleva realizar una  
    de conducta criminal por parte de oficiales de                  investigación completa?    
    policía. Estas quejas son investigadas por la                   Cada caso es diferente. A veces, una  
    Unidad de Integridad Pública.                                   investigación puede realizarse rápidamente,  
                                                                    en cuestión de unos pocos meses. Algunas  
•   Investigación Independiente – En algunos  
                                                                    investigaciones toman más tiempo. Depende  
    casos, OCPO puede realizar su propia  
                                                                    de muchos factores, como la disponibilidad  
    investigación independiente, reuniendo  
                                                                    de testigos y la complejidad del incidente,  
    evidencia y presentando hallazgos al CPOB.  
                                                                    incluyendo el número de presuntas víctimas y  
•   Mediación – La mediación ofrece una                             oficiales involucrados. 
    oportunidad para que civiles y oficiales de  
    la policía se reúnan en un espacio seguro,                      ¿Disciplina la OCPO a los oficiales?     
    tranquilo y privado con un mediador capacitado  
    e imparcial para hablar confidencialmente                       No. El jefe de la Policía determina las acciones  
    sobre lo sucedido. La mediación es un proceso                   disciplinarias por mala conducta. Las  
    voluntario; todas las partes deben estar de                     sanciones van desde advertencias verbales  
    acuerdo en participar. Puede solicitar mediación                hasta la desvinculación laboral. Si la OCPO no  
    en su formulario de queja.                                      está de acuerdo con la acción disciplinaria,  
                                                                    puede recomendar acciones adicionales al  
Resultados de las Quejas                                            administrador de la Ciudad. 

Después de una investigación, los hallazgos se                      ¿Permanecen las quejas en el  
determinan según la evidencia recopilada: 
                                                                    expediente de un oficial?   
•   Infundada – los actos alegados en la queja no  
    ocurrieron.                                                     Sí. Independientemente del resultado, todas las  
                                                                    quejas permanecen en el historial de un oficial,  
•   Exonerada – los actos alegados en la queja                      que forma parte de su expediente personal en  
    ocurrieron pero fueron justificados, legales y                  el Departamento de Policía. Esto incluye quejas  
    apropiados.                                                     que se resuelven a través de nuestro programa  
•   No sostenida – no hay suficiente evidencia para                 de mediación. 
    probar o refutar las alegaciones. 
•   Sostenida – hay una preponderancia de                           ¿Puede la OCPO ayudarme con una  
                                                                    citación o arresto?  
    evidencia que respalda las alegaciones hechas  
    en la queja.                                                    No, no tenemos jurisdicción. Una citación o un  
•   Completa – La investigación estableció los                      arresto solo pueden resolverse en el tribunal.  
    hechos de una Investigación Administrativa                      No podemos proporcionar ningún consejo o  
    y determinó que no hubo violaciones de las                      asistencia legal. Debe buscar orientación de un  
    normas.                                                         abogado con licensia. 

¿Qué puede hacer si cree que ha ocurrido                            ¿Por qué es beneficioso para la  
discriminación o mala conducta?                                     comunidad presentar una queja?    

Puede presentar una queja sobre el DPD de las                       Al presentar una queja, usted ayuda a mejorar  
siguientes maneras:                                                 las políticas y prácticas del DPD. Su caso  
                                                                    puede destacar áreas para reformar y mejorar  
•   En línea: Envíe en dal.city/OCPO                                la responsabilidad, contribuyendo a una  
•   En persona: Visítenos en la Alcaldía de Dallas o                comunidad más segura y transparente. 
    en cualquier ubicación del DPD. 
•   Correo electrónico: Envíe a OCPO@dallas.gov                            Información adicional sobre el OCPO,  
                                                                      incluyendo información sobre cómo presentar  
•   Correo postal: Alcaldía de Dallas, 1500 Marilla  
    St., 5DN, Dallas, TX 75201                                        un queja por discriminación o mala conducta,  
                                                                             está disponible en dal.city/OCPO. 

                                                                                             (Revisado el 16 de octubre de 2024) 
