----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

      RECEIVED                                                                                               PuE[ic Notice  
zozi. HAR -7   PM 4: 40                                                                                           2   4  0  2   5  0 
    CITY   SECRETARY                                                                                                     CITY.SECRETARY 
                                                                                                           POSTED  
                                                                                                                           DALLAS, TX  
     DALLAS. TEXAS  
                          BUILDING INSPECTION ADVISORY, EXAMINING AND APPEALS BOARD  

                                             TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 2024 at 11:30 A.M.  
                                                Oak Cliff Municipal Center, Room 300  
                                                      320 E. Jefferson Boulevard  
                                                             Dallas, TX 75203  
                           Video Conference Link: https://bit.ly/bia-0319 Password: biaea (24232)  
                                          Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 2488 923 9778  

        The     City     of     Dallas     will    make       Reasonable     La     Ciudad      de      Dallas     llevará    a     cabo  
        Accommodations/Modifications       to  programs     and/or   other   Adecuaciones/Modificaciones        Razonables       a    los  
        related activities to ensure any and all residents have access to    programas   y/u   otras   actividades   relacionadas   para  
        services  and  resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  asegurar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan  
        meeting.   Anyone    requiring   auxiliary  aid,  service,  and/or   acceso  a  los  servicios  y  recursos  para  asegurar  una  
        translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the    reunión  equitativa  e  inclusiva.  Cualquier  persona  que  
        Development             Services          Department             to  requiera asistencia adicional, servicio y/o interpretación  
        erika.pastrana@dallas.gov , three (3) business days prior to the     para poder participar de forma íntegra en la reunión debe  
        scheduled  meeting.  A  video  stream  of  the  meeting  will  be    notificar  a  Departamento  de  Servicios  de  Desarrollo  a  
        available twenty-four (24)  hours after adjournment  by visiting     erika.pastrana@dallas.gov ,tres (3) días hábiles antes de  
        https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                           la reunión programada. Una transmisión en video de la  
        Individuals   and   interested   parties   wishing   to   speak   must  reunión  estará  disponible  dos  días  hábiles  luego  de  la  
        register  with  the   Development     Services    Department    at   finalización        de         la        reunión          en  
        https://form.jotform.com/223394819848068  or  email  Erika           https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
        Pastrana  at  erika.pastrana@dallas.gov  by  5:00  pm  the  day      Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
        before the hearing.                                                  uso de la palabra deben registrarse en el Departamento  
                                                                             de         Servicios        de         Desarrollo         en  
                                                                             https://form.jotform.com/223394819848068 o contacte  
                                                                             a Erika Pastrana a erika.pastrana@dallas.gov , hasta las  
                                                                             5 p.m. el día antes de la Junta. Solo personas presentes  
                                                                             podrán dar su testimonio.  

                                                          MEETING AGENDA  

           1.       Call to Order. 

           2.       Review and Approval of the Minutes from the February 20, 2024 Meeting. 

           3.       Briefing: An ordinance creating the Building and Fire Advisory and Appeals Board. 

           4.       Briefing: Update regarding the application for building permit for 1140 W. Wheatland Road. 

           5.      Adjournment. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                 

                                Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas  prohibidas), una  persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                                        EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
     duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of  
     Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a  
     detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer  
     or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the  
     subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that  
     the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  conducting  economic  
     development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt .  
     Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  security  
     information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
     security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                                           2  
  
