----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

  RECEIVED                                                                                                         Pu6Cic Notice  

2023  NOV -8    AM 11:03                                                                                                  231 0 0 2 
 CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                                  CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                                  POSTED  DALLAS, TX 
  DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                                                 
                        BUILDING INSPECTION ADVISORY, EXAMINING AND APPEALS BOARD  

                                           TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2023, 11:30 A.M.  
                                                    Dallas Public Library – Downtown  
                                                                                        st 
                                                 Community Showcase Room, 1   Floor  
                                                   1515 Young Street, Dallas TX 75201  
                                  Video Conference Link: https://bit.ly/bia-1114 Password: biaea  
                                        Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 2484 586 4504  

        The      City    of     Dallas     will    make       Reasonable       La     Ciudad      de     Dallas     llevará    a     cabo  
        Accommodations/Modifications  to  programs  and/or  other              Adecuaciones/Modificaciones        Razonables      a    los  
        related  activities  to  ensure  any  and  all  residents  have        programas   y/u   otras   actividades   relacionadas   para  
        access to services and resources to ensure an equitable                asegurar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan  
                                                                               acceso  a  los  servicios  y  recursos  para  asegurar  una  
        and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary   aid,  
                                                                               reunión  equitativa  e  inclusiva.  Cualquier  persona  que  
        service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting        requiera asistencia adicional, servicio y/o interpretación  
        should  notify  the  Development  Services  Department  to             para poder participar de forma íntegra en la reunión debe  
        erika.pastrana@dallas.gov   , three (3)  business days prior           notificar  a  Departamento  de  Servicios  de  Desarrollo  a  
        to the scheduled meeting.  A video stream of the meeting               erika.pastrana@dallas.gov  , tres  (3)  días hábiles antes  
        will be available twenty-four (24) hours after adjournment             de la reunión programada. Una transmisión en video de  
        by visiting https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                 la reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego de la  
                                                                               finalización        de        la        reunión          en  
        Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  must        https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.  
        register  with  the  Development  Services  Department  at  
        https://form.jotform.com/223394819848068                or    email    Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
        Erika  Pastrana  at  erika.pastrana@dallas.gov  by  5:00  pm           uso de la palabra deben registrarse en el Departamento  
                                                                               de        Servicios         de        Desarrollo         en  
        the day before the hearing.   
                                                                               https://form.jotform.com/223394819848068 o contacte  
                                                                               a Erika Pastrana a erika.pastrana@dallas.gov , hasta las  
                                                                               5 p.m. el día antes de la Junta. Solo personas presentes  
                                                                               podrán dar su testimonio.   

                                                            MEETING AGENDA  

               1.   Call to Order 

               2.   Review and approval of the Minutes from the June 6, 2023, Meeting. 

               3.  Appeal of Building Official decision regarding Cityplace, Alternate Materials and Methods Use 
                   of Special Application Window Sprinkler. 

               4.  Appeal of Building Official decision regarding the application for Building Permit for 1140 W. 
                   Wheatland Rd. 

               5.  Adjournment. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                               

                                                                               

                                                                               

                                Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la Sección 30.06 del Código Penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  un  
arma de fuego oculta), una persona con licencia según el Subcapítulo H, Capítulo 411, Código del Gobierno (ley  
sobre licencias para portar armas de fuego), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con un arma de fuego oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass  by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la Sección 30.07 del Código Penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el Subcapítulo  H, Capítulo 411,  Código del  Gobierno (ley de  
licencia de armas de fuego), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De acuerdo con la Sección 46.03, del Código Penal (lugares donde se prohíben las armas), una persona no puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                                         EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
     duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of  
     Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a  
     detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer  
     or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the  
     subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that  
     the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  conducting  economic  
     development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt .  
     Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  security  
     information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
     security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                                             2  
  
