----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

      RECEIVED  
                                                                                         Pu6Cic Notice  
    2023  NOV -9 PH 7: 20 
                                                                                                23 1 0 2 0 
    CITY   ECRETARY S   
     DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                    CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                        POSTED  DALLAS, TX 
                                                                                                                      
                                DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION  
                                               BOARD WORKSHOP  

                                 Wednesday, November 15, 2023 at 6:00 PM  

                                        Canopy by Hilton Dallas Uptown   
                                   2950 Cityplace W Blvd, Dallas, TX 75204  
                                               and Videoconference  
                                             Video Conference Link:  
      https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mb1840b901b9ef006ef8e2207 
                                                      46f64cd3  

      Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                           Access Code: 2489 719 4298  

The    City   of  Dallas    will  make     Reasonable      La     Ciudad      de      Dallas     llevará    a     cabo  
Accommodations/Modifications           to    programs      Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas  
and/or other related activities to ensure any and          y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos  
all  residents    have    access    to  services    and    y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios  
                                                           y recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  
                                                           Cualquier   persona   que   requiera   asistencia   adicional,  
meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary  aid, service,         servicio y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma  
and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting     íntegra  en   la  reunión  debe    notificar  a  Housing   &  
should    notify  the   Housing     &   Neighborhood       Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
Revitalization  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-       670-3677,   tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión 
3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the   programada. Una transmisión en video de la reunión estará 
scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting           disponible dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la 
will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after  reunión en https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 
adjournment                   by                visiting   Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                 uso   de   la   palabra   deben   registrarse   en   Housing   &  
                                                           Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                           670-3677,  veinticuatro  (24)  horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y 
must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood        horario de la reunión. 
Revitalization  Department  call  (214)  670-3677or  
email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four  
(24) hours prior to the meeting date and time. 

        I.   Welcome and Introductions – Catherine Cuellar, Director, Communications, 
              Outreach, & Marketing Office 

       II.    Introduction and Discussion of TDA Consulting – Dionne Roberts, TDA 
              President & Chief Executive Officer 

      III.    Housing Finance Corporation Basics Refresher – Ryan Bowen, Corporation 
              Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP 

      IV.     City of Dallas Housing Finance Corporation (“DHFC”) Structure and 
              Strategy – Marcy Helfand, Board President 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

            a.   Staffing Needs and Possible Task Force on Staffing  

            b.   Internal Controls – Accounting/Budgeting   

            c.   Investment Policy  

            d.   DHFC Role in Housing in the City of Dallas – Aaron Eaquinto, General  
                 Manager  

                 1. Housing Policy  

                 2. Recent Legislation  

            e.   Strategy for Future Developments   

                 1.  Application Revamp – Marcy Helfand, Board President  

                 2.   Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (“LIHTC”) – Ryan  Garcia, Board Vice  
                     President  

                 3.   Board Priorities – David Ellis, Director  

            f.   Operating Report Reviews and Budget Updates – Aaron Eaquinto,  
                 General Manager  
                   
            g.   DHFC Website Status Update – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  
          
V.      Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President  

                                     

                                                          2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly  conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               3  
  
