----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                                      

0 "0Ǫť-"ťǆŦŨ 
                                                                                                                   2 5 0 0 ť ť 
 "$& %                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                          
 &!#                                                                                                              	
 
                                                                                                                                      

                               DAVIS GARDEN TIF DISTRICT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

                                            SPECIAL CALLED MEETING NOTICE 

                             Reinvestment Zone Number Sixteen, City of Dallas, Texas 
                                    (Davis Garden Tax Increment Financing District) 

                                                  January 8, 2025 at 3:00 p.m.  
                           Dallas City Hall, 6DN Conference Room and Videoconference 

                             Detailed information pertaining to this agenda may be found at  
                                        https://cityofdallas.legistar.com/Calendar.aspx 

                                                         Video Conference: 
          https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m55e7c2157b8b38247f9389d5034bc5fa 
                                 Telephone: (408) 418-9388    Access Code:  2494 138 4919 

        The    City    of   Dallas    will  make     reasonable            La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo Modificaciones  
        modifications   to   programs   and/or   other   related  
                                                                           Razonables  a  los  programas  u  otras  actividades  
        activities  to  ensure  all  residents  have  access  to  
                                                                           relacionadas  para  asegurar  que  todos  y  cada  uno 
        services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
                                                                           de  los  residentes  tengan  acceso  a  los  servicios  y  
        inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  
                                                                           recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  
        service, and/or translation to fully participate in the 
                                                                           inclusiva.    Cualquier     persona      que    requiera  
        meeting    should    notify  the  Office   of  Equity   &  
                                                                           asistencia  adicional,  servicio  o  interpretación  para  
        Inclusion  by  calling  (214)  670-7311  or  TTY  (800)  
                                                                           poder  participar  de  forma  íntegra  en  la  reunión  
        735-2989,     forty-eight  (48)   hours    prior  to  the 
                                                                           debe  notificar  a  la  Oficina  de  Equidad  y  Inclusión  
        scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting 
                                                                           llamando al (214) 670-7311 o TTY (800) 735-2989,  
        will  be    available    two    business    days     after 
                                                                           dos   (2)   días    hábiles   antes    de   la   reunión  
        adjournment                    by                 visiting  
                                                                           programada.     Una    transmisión    en   video   de   la  
        https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.as 
                                                                           reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego de  
        px.                                                                la     finalización      de      la      reunión       en  

                                                                            https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.a 
        Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                                           spx. 
        must  register  with  the  Office  of  Equity  &  Inclusion 
        by  calling  (214)  670-7311,  twenty-four  (24)  hours            Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen  
        prior to the meeting date and time.                                hacer  uso  de  la  palabra  deben  registrarse  en  la  

                                                                           Oficina  de  Equidad  y  Inclusión  llamando  al  (214)  
                                                                           670-7311, 24 horas antes del tiempo de la reunión. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

Davis Garden TIF District Board of Directors   
Special Called Meeting January 8, 2025  
  
                                                     AGENDA  
  
     1.  Call meeting to order and declare a quorum is established.   
         William Zimmerman, Chair  
  
     2.  Introduction of meeting participants.   
  
     3.  Public comments pertaining to agenda items 4 through 9.   
        
     4.  Review and consider the Meeting Record of the December 20, 2023 meeting of the  
         Davis Garden TIF District Board of Directors.   
         Presenter: Leslyn Blake, District Manager, Office of Economic Development   
         Recommended Action: Approve  
        
     5.  Review and consider a request by the City of Dallas Department of Transportation and  
         Public Works for dedication of Tax Increment Financing Reinvestment Zone Number  
         Sixteen (Davis Garden TIF District) district-wide set-aside funds in a total amount not  
         to  exceed  $1,053,923.59  to  support  the  Rosemont  Safe  Routes  to  School  Project  
         (“Project”), more specifically to support (1) unfunded construction costs for the original  
         scope  of  Project  improvements  in  the  amount  of  $246,286.22;  and  (2)  construction  
         costs   for   the   supplemental   scope   of   Project   improvements   in   the   amount   of  
         $807,637.37.  
         Presenters: Changho Yi, Project Manager, Department of Transportation and Public  
         Works,   Cameron   Anderson,   Engineering   Program   Administrator,   Department   of  
         Transportation and Public Works   
         Recommended Action: Approve and forward a recommendation of approval to City  
         Council  
   
     6.  Review an informational update regarding pedestrian improvements to be added to the  
         scope of the City’s West Davis Street Reconstruction Project.  
         Presenter: Dhiyaa Tohme, Senior Project Manager, Department of Transportation and  
         Public Works  
         Recommended action: None, discussion only.  
      
     7.  Review       an    informational        update      regarding       planned       pedestrian       improvements  
         at/adjacent to Sloan Park.  
         Presenter: Adam Frias, Engineer Assistant, Department of Transportation and Public  
         Works   
         Recommended action: None, discussion only.  
      
     8.  Review and consider the Davis Garden TIF District Annual Report for FY 2023-2024.  
         Presenter: Leslyn Blake, District Manager, Office of Economic Development  
         Recommended Action: Approve and forward a recommendation of approval to City  
         Council  
           
           
      

                                                               2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

Davis Garden TIF District Board of Directors   
Special Called Meeting January 8, 2025  
  
     9.  Review and consider a regular meeting schedule for the Davis Garden TIF District  
           Board of Directors for calendar year 2025.  
           Presenter: Leslyn Blake, District Manager, Office of Economic Development   
           Recommended action: Approve   
         
      10. Adjournment.  
           William Zimmerman, Chair  
  
                           Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
                                                                           
"Pursuant  to  Section  30.06,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  a  concealed  handgun),  a  person  
licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
property with a concealed handgun."   
"De acuerdo con la  sección 30.06 del  código penal (ingreso sin  autorización de un titular de  una  licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con  licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
"De acuerdo con la  sección 30.07 del  código penal (ingreso sin  autorización de un titular de  una  licencia  
con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  
gobierno (ley sobre  licencias para  portar  pistolas), no puede  ingresar a esta  propiedad con  una  pistola a  
la vista."   
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
"De  conformidad con la  Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca  armas  prohibidas),  una persona no  puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
   
  
  
                                                  EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
                                                                           
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:   
  
           1.         seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or  
           any matter in which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of  
           Professional  Conduct  of  the  State  Bar  of  Texas  clearly  conflicts  with  the  Texas  Open  Meetings  Act.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]   
             
           2.        deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open  
           meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   
             
           3.        deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in  
           an open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third  
           person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
             
           4.        deliberating  the  appointment,  employment,  evaluation,  reassignment,  duties,  discipline,  or  
           dismissal  of  a  public  officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  
           employee unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a  
           public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  
             
           5.        deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or  
           devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
             

                                                                         3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

Davis Garden TIF District Board of Directors   
Special Called Meeting January 8, 2025  
  
            6.          discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a  
            business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which  
            the city is conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other  
            incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]   
              
            7.          deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology,  
            network  security  information,  or  the  deployment  or  specific  occasions  for  implementations  of  security  
            personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   
  
                                                                                     

                                                                                  4  
  
