----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                           Pub[k Notice  
             
2025  FEB  21 AM  10:13                                                                                    2 5 0 2  0 6 
 CITY SECRETARY                                                                                          CITY 
                                                                                                              SECRETARY 
 DALLAS, TEXAS  
                                                                                                     POSTED DALLAS 
                                                                                                                          , TX 

                                   DALLAS PUBLIC FACILITY CORPORATION  
                                         BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING  

                                            February 25, 2025, at 12:00 PM  

                           Dallas City Hall, Auditorium L1FN and Videoconference  
                            Dallas City Hall – 1500 Marilla Street, Dallas, TX 75201  

     The public may listen to the meeting as an attendee at the following videoconference link:   
     https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m18b8acfa6eb75b2a53a058150be2ac95  
     Members of the public who wish to listen to the meeting by telephone may call:  1-408-418-9388: Access Code: 24891836840  

     On behalf of the Dallas Public Facility Corporation, the City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to  programs  
     and/or other related activities to ensure any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
     inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the  
     Dallas Public Facility Corporation via the  Department  of Housing and  Community Development  by calling (214)  670-3077  or  
     TTY (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available two  
     business days after adjournment by visiting  https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx. Individuals and interested  
     parties wishing to speak must register with the Dallas Public Facility Corporation via the Department of Housing and Community  
     Development by calling (214) 670-3077, twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.   

                                                          AGENDA  

      1.    Call to Order - Keith Pomykal, Dallas Public Facility Corporation (DPFC) Board of Directors 
            (Board) President 

     2.     Roll Call - Samuel McDaniel, Assistant General Manager 

     3.     Public Testimony - public comment(s) on items 4-16 

     4.     Discussion and approval of the minutes of January 28, 2025, DPFC Board Meeting - Keith 
            Pomykal, DPFC Board President 

     5.     Community Announcements 

     6.     Ethics Disclosures: DPFC Board members should disclose any relationship a member may 
            have with the projects to be considered on this agenda or with any developer, participant 
            or  financial  beneficiary  of  the  projects  to  be  considered  on  this  agenda,  even  if  that 
            relationship  does not relate to  a  specific project the  DPFC Board  is  considering  -  Keith 
            Pomykal, DPFC Board President 

     7.     Discussion regarding the fencing and security for 9999 Technology Blvd, Dallas TX – Sam 
            McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Jake Brown, LDG Development 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                                                                            
  
8.      Discussion and approval of a resolution authorizing the negotiation and execution of a Term  
       Sheet for  HSR  LBJ in partnership  with  Trammell Crow to be located at 5550 Lyndon B  
       Johnson  Fwy,  Dallas  TX  75240  –  Sam  McDaniel,  Assistant  General  Manager;  Kevin  
        Hickman & Gio Lincon, Trammell Crow; Summer Greathouse, Bracewell, LLP, DPFC legal  
       counsel; Braxton Parsons, Hilltop Securities, DPFC Financial Underwriter  
  
9.      Discussion and approval of a resolution approving the transaction for Burnett Lofts located  
       at  512  N  Ewing  Ave,  Dallas  TX  75203  and  801  N  Lancaster  Ave,  Dallas,  TX  75203;  
       including  the  execution  of  all  documentation  necessary  to  carry  out  the  transactions;  
       authorizing the purchase of the land for the projects and authorizing the DPFC to serve as  
       the  general  contractor;  and  other  matters  in  connection  therewith  –  Sam  McDaniel,  
       Assistant General Manager;  Hunt Neurohr, Savoy Equity  Partners; Summer Greathouse,  
       Bracewell, LLP, DPFC legal counsel; Braxton Parsons, Hilltop Securities, DPFC Financial  
        Underwriter  
            
10.     Discussion and Approval of  renegotiated terms for The Cedars -  Power and Light  located  
       at 2220 S  Ervay  St, Dallas, TX 75215: Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager ; Hunt  
        Neurohr, Savoy Equity Partners  
            
11.     Discussion  on  providing  feedback  in  connection  with  proposed  changes  to  Policy,  
       Operations, and Bylaws for the Dallas Public Facility Corporation as presented by Housing  
       and Community Development staff at the Housing and Homelessness Solutions Committee  
       special called meeting held on January 28, 2025 – Keith Pomykal, DPFC Board President  
         
12.    Monthly report of the DPFC Staff Hiring Committee  –  Victor Toledo, Board Staff Hiring  
       Committee Chair  
  
13.     DPFC-owned property annual reporting – Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager   
  
14.     DPFC-owned property monitoring procedures briefing and discussion  –  Sam McDaniel,  
       Assistant General Manager ; Alan Tallis, Finance Committee Chair  
  
15.     Discussion of the use of DPFC excess funds - Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager;  
       Alan Tallis, Finance Committee Chair  
  
16.     Discussion of the 2025 DPFC budget -  Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Alan  
       Tallis, Finance Committee Chair    
  
17.     DPFC Website briefing and discussion – Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Kevin  
       Winters, Board Community Outreach Committee Chair    
  
18.     DPFC pipeline report briefing and discussion - Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager  
  
19.    Adjourn – Keith Pomykal, DPFC Board President  
         
  
                                                                    2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  
  
  
  
    

3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                               
  
                                                        EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  
                                                                                
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:  
  
1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
      which the duty of the attorney to the DPFC Board under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct  
      of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  
2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have a detrimental effect on the position of the  DPFC  in negotiations  with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.072]  
3.    deliberating  a negotiated contract for  a prospective gift  or donation to the  DPFC  if  deliberation in an open  
      meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the  city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.073]  
4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
      officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
      employee  who  is  the  subject  of  the  deliberation  or  hearing  requests  a  public  hearing.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.074]  
5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.076]  
6.    discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the  DPFC  has received  from a  business  
      prospect that the  DPFC  seeks to have locate,  stay,  or expand in or near the  city and with which the city is  
      conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a  
      business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]  
7.    deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
      security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
      infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
        
  
                              Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  
                                                                                
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  
  
"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  
  

                                                                              4  
  
