----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED  
                                                                                           Pu6Cic Notice  
2023  NOV  13  PH3  :41  
                                                                                                   231 0 2 4 
 CITY SECRETARY   
  DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                           POSTED CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                            DALLAS, TX 
                                                                                                                         

                                   Arts and Culture Advisory Commission  
                                               REGULAR MEETING  

                                 Thursday, November 16, 2023, at 4:30 P. M.  
          Dallas City Hall, 6FN - Park and Recreation Board Room and Videoconference  
                                                 1500 Marilla Street  
                                             Video Conference Link:  
   https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m3fe7afbe56f064f8ec42d73f6c 
                                                        dd3d08   

                        Telephone: +1-469-210-7159, Access Code: 2484 291 3981  

    The    City   of   Dallas    will   make     Reasonable     La    Ciudad     de    Dallas    llevará   a    cabo  
    Accommodations/Modifications  to  programs  and/or          Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los  
    other related activities to ensure any and all residents    programas  y/u  otras  actividades  relacionadas  
    have access to services and resources to ensure an          para  asegurar  que  todos  y  cada  uno  de  los  
    equitable  and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring      residentes   tengan   acceso   a   los   servicios   y  
    auxiliary   aid,   service,   and/or   translation   to   fully  recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e  
    participate in the meeting should notify the Office of      inclusiva.   Cualquier    persona    que    requiera  
    Arts and Culture by calling (214) 670-3687 extension        asistencia  adicional,  servicio  y/o  interpretación  
    4,  three  (3)  business  days  prior  to  the  scheduled   para  poder  participar  de  forma  íntegra  en  la  
    meeting.  A  video  stream  of  the  meeting  will  be      reunión  debe  notificar  a  Office  of  Artes  and  
    available twenty-four (24) hours after adjournment by       Culture llamando al (214) 670-3687 extensión 4,  
    visiting https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.         tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión  
                                                                programada.  Una  transmisión  en  video  de  la  
    Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  
                                                                reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego  
    must  register  with  the  Office  of  Arts  and  Culture  at  
                                                                de    la    finalización   de    la   reunión     en  
    DallasCulture.org/publicspeakers  or  call  (214)  670- 
                                                                https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
    3687 extension 4 by 5pm the day before the meeting.  
                                                                Las   personas   y   las   partes   interesadas   que  
                                                                deseen     hacer   uso    de   la  palabra    deben  
                                                                registrarse  en  Office  of  Artes  and  Culture  en  
                                                                DallasCulture.org/publicspeakers  o llamando al  
                                                                (214) 670-3687 extensión 4, antes de las 5:00 p. 
                                                                m. del día anterior a la reunión. 

                                                      AGENDA  

   Call to Order [David Small, Chair]  

   Public Speakers (see note below)  

  VOTING AGENDA ITEMS  

   1.  Approval of the October 19, 2023, Arts and Culture Advisory Commission meeting 
       minutes 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

2.  Approval of Calendar Year 2024 Arts and Culture Advisory Commission Meeting  
     Dates    
BRIEFINGS  
  

A.  Chair’s Report: [David Small, Chair]   
     1.  Acknowledge past Chair , Ella Goode Johnson   
     2.  Acknowledge new members on the Commission  
     3.   Commissioners/Cultural Organizations Program Liaisons’ Reports  
         [Commissioners]  
     4.   Update on Committees   
     5.   Expectations of Commission and Commissioners   

B. Cultural Spotlight: The Black Academy of Arts and Letters [Curtis King, Nonprofit  
Chief Executive, The Black Academy of Arts and Letters]  

C. Director’s Update – Acknowledge past Chair, Staff Updates, Cultural Facilities  
Program - Kitchen Dog Theater Update [Martine Philippe, Director, Office of Arts and  
Culture]  

D. Status Report Update - Annual Reports Committee [Jim Nugent, Commissioner]  

E. Facility Support Update – Cultural Planning and Equity Committee [Vicki Meek,  
Commissioner]   

   
ADJOURNMENT  
  
Upcoming Meetings and Events (Committee Dates Subject to Change)  
Public Art Committee - (No December Meeting)  
Allocations Committee - (December 7, 2023)  
Annual Reports Committee - (December 14, 2023)   
Cultural Planning and Equity Committee - (No December Meeting)   
Arts and Culture Advisory Commission – (No December Meeting)   
  
  
NOTE: The Arts and Culture Advisory Commission welcomes public speakers who wish to  
comment on matters related to agenda items or other matters concerning the Commission.  
Public speakers must register with the Office of Arts and Culture by 5 p.m., Wednesday,  
November 15. Register online at https://dallasculture.org/cac/meetings/speakers/, or call (214)  
670-3687 extension 4. Speakers generally have a maximum of 3 minutes to speak, but the  
allotted speaking time may be limited if there are many registered speakers.  
  

                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

          A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:   

           

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

1.     seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
       duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of  
       Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.   [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]   
                 
2.     deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a  
       detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   
                 
3.     deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
       have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
                 
4.     deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer or  
       employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the  
       subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
                 
5.     deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt. Code  
       §551.076]   
                 
6.     discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that the  
       city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic development  
       negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]   
                 
7.     deliberating security assessments or deployments relating                               to information resources technology, network security  
       information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
       security devices.  [Tex. Govt. Code §551.089]   
                                           
                                           
                                           
                                           
                                         “HANDGUN PROHIBITION NOTICE FOR MEETING OF GOVERNMENT ENTITIES”   
                     
              "Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
               under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
               concealed handgun."      
                     
                
              “De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
               pistola oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
               licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."      
                     
              "Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
               licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
              with a handgun that is carried openly."      
                     
              "De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
               pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
               licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."        

         
         
  
