----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                              Puf,fic Notice  

        -6 AH 8: 00                                                                      2  4  0  8  1  9 

CITY SECRETARY                                                                                   CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                      POSTED  
DALLAS, TEXAS                   VETERAN’S AFFAIRS COMMISSION                                     DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                          Thursday September 12th, 2024 at 12:00 p.m.   

              Dallas City Hall, 6ES Council Briefing Room and Videoconference  
                                          Video Conference:  
   https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m8d71507d93bd4d710b 
                                           273748eca260f8    
                  Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 Access Code: 2481 336 9482  

   The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable            La   Ciudad    de   Dallas    llevará   a  cabo  
   Accommodations”         to  programs     and/or     "Adaptaciones        Razonables"        a     los  
   other related activities to ensure  any and         programas        y/u     otras      actividades  
   all  residents  have  access  to  services  and     relacionadas  para  garantizar  que  todos  y  
   resources   to   ensure   an   equitable   and   cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso  
   inclusive     meeting.     Anyone      requiring   a  los  servicios  y  recursos  para  garantizar  
   auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to       una    reunión     equitativa     e   inclusiva.  
   fully   participate   in   the  meeting   should    Cualquier   persona   que   necesite   ayuda  
   notify the Office of Equity and Inclusion-          auxiliar,  servicio   y/o    traducción     para  
   Welcoming  Communities  and  Immigrant              participar  de  forma  plena  en  la  reunión,  
   Affairs  Division  by  calling  469-873-9710   debe  notificar  al  Oficina  de  Equidad  e  
   or  TTY  (800)  735-2989,  three  business          Inclusion-    División     de    Comunidades  
   days  prior  to  the  scheduled  meeting.  A        Acogedoras  y  Asuntos  de  Inmigrantes  al  
   video   stream   of   the    meeting   will   be    469-873-9710 o TTY (800) 735-2989, tres 
   available     two     business     days     after   días    hábiles    antes     de    la   reunión 
   adjournment                by            visiting   programada. Una transmisión de video de 
   https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pa            la  reunión    estará   disponible    dos   días 
   ges/Live.aspx.                                      hábiles   luego   del   levantamiento   de   la 
                                                       reunión                               visitando 
   Individuals and interested parties wishing          https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pa 
   to speak must register with the Office of           ges/Live.aspx.  
   Equity and Inclusion – Welcoming  
   Communities and Immigrant Affairs  
   Division by calling 469-873-9710 twenty  
   – four (24) hours prior to the meeting 
   date and time. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                  

                                                         AGENDA  

     I.  Call to Order, Pledge of Allegiance, and Roll Call   
  
    II.   Public Comments on Items III – VI  
  
   III.  Vote to Approve the August 8th, 2024 Meeting Minutes  

  
  IV.  Welcoming Address from District 1 Council Member Chad West  
         Dallas City Councilman for District 1, Chad West will visit with the Veteran  
        Affairs Commission and address them.  
          
   V.  Veterans’ Wellbeing Assessment Update    
        The commission will be updated on the progress made in the procurement process  
         regarding the Veterans’ Wellbeing Assessment. This will include discussion of major  
         milestones and timelines.   
          
  VI.   Discussion  and  Vote  to  Approve  Recommendation  for  Dr.  Katina  Robertson’s  
         Proclamation to go to the Mayor's Office  
        The commission will  review the  proclamation to honor the late commissioner for  
         District 3,  Dr. Katina Robertson.  That will be followed up with discussion, and a  
        vote  to  approve  it  and  sending  it  to  the  Mayor’s  Office.  The  proposed  date  to  
         present  the  proclamation  is  Wednesday,  November  6  during  the  City  Council  
         Meeting.  
        
 VII.  Announcements  
         Boards & Commissions reminded coordinators of the Annual Report Due February  
         1, 2025. The 2024 Fiscal Year concludes in September. The Annual Report will be  
        from  October 2023  to  September  2024.  A  draft will  be  prepared  for  October’s  
         meeting.   
          
        VAC  website  update-  Our  office  would  like  to  include  an  online  service  to  the  
        Veteran Affairs Commission’s website to better serve veterans. Details will be sent  
        out in a separate email.   
          
VIII.  Adjournment   
  
  
  
                                                                  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                      Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter  
this property with a concealed handgun."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
  
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia  
con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del  
gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a  
la vista."   
  
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm  
or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
  
                                             EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:   
1.   Seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  
Govt. Code §551.071]   
2.   Deliberating  the  purchase,  exchange,  lease,  or  value  of  real  property  if  deliberation  in  an  open  
meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
[Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   
3.   Deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an  
open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third  
person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]    
4.   Deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal  
of a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless  
the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
Govt. Code §551.074]   
5.   Deliberating  the  deployment,  or  specific  occasions  for  implementation,  of  security  personnel  or  
devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
6.   Discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has  received  from  a  
business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which  
the city is conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or  
other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]   
7.   Deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   
