----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                                                                 

                                                                  D  

        
                                                                     
                                    DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION  
                                                     REGULAR MEETING  

                                           Tuesday, July 16, 2024 at 12:00 PM  
                             Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium and Videoconference  
                                           Video Conference Link: Click HERE  
                                                                     
       Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                                Access Code: 2489 719 4298  
                                                                     
The     City   of   Dallas     will   make      Reasonable        La      Ciudad       de       Dallas      llevará      a      cabo  
Accommodations/Modifications                to     programs       Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas  
and/or other related activities to ensure any and                 y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos  
all   residents     have     access     to   services     and     y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios  
                                                                  y recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  
                                                                  Cualquier   persona   que   requiera   asistencia   adicional,  
meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary  aid, service,                servicio y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma  
and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting            íntegra   en   la   reunión    debe    notificar  a   Housing     &  
should     notify    the   Housing      &    Neighborhood         Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
Revitalization  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-              670-3677,   tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión  
3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the          programada. Una transmisión en video de la reunión estará  
scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting                  disponible dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la  
will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after        reunión en https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
adjournment                       by                  visiting    Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                        uso   de   la   palabra   deben   registrarse   en   Housing   &  
                                                                  Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                                  670-3677,  veinticuatro  (24)  horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y  
must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood               horario de la reunión.  
Revitalization  Department  call  (214)  670-3677or  
email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four  
(24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.  

           I.       Call to Order – Marcy Helfand, President  

           II.      Roll Call – Jaclyn Schroeder, Housing Project Manager  

           III.     Public Comments on items IV – X  

           IV.      Approval  of  the  minutes  for  the  June  11,  2024,  City  of  Dallas  Housing  
                    Finance  Corporation  (“DHFC”  or  the  “Corporation”)  Meeting  –  Marcy  
                    Helfand, President  

          V.        Public Hearing pursuant to Section 394.9025(a) of the Texas Local  
                    Government Code on possible issuance of bonds by the Corporation to  
                    finance the acquisition and rehabilitation of The Mondello, a  150-unit  
                    multifamily residential development located at 2000 Highland Road, Dallas,  
                    Texas 75228, to be owned and operated by Mondello Apartments, LLC, with  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

         DHFC The Mondello Managing Member, LLC, a wholly-owned affiliate of the  
        Corporation, to be admitted as the managing member.  

VI.      Public Hearing pursuant to Section 394.9025(a) of the Texas Local  
        Government Code on possible issuance of bonds by the Corporation to  
        finance the acquisition and rehabilitation of West Virginia Apartments, a 202- 
        unit multifamily residential development located at 8004 West Virginia Drive,  
         Dallas, Texas 75237, to be owned and operated by 8004 West Virginia Drive  
        (TX) Owner LP, with DHFC West Virginia GP, LLC, a wholly-owned affiliate of  
        the Corporation, to be admitted as the general partner.  

VII.    Action Item : Resolutions for Axis Kessler Park, a multifamily residential  
        development  located  at  2400  Fort  Worth  Avenue  in  the  City  of  Dallas,  
         Dallas  County,  Texas  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  Manager;  Ryan  Bowen,  
         Corporation  Counsel,  Chapman  and  Cutler  LLP  and  Tim  Nelson,  Managing  
        Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        Consider and adopt partnership resolutions approving the form and substance  
        of and authorizing the execution and delivery of documents and instruments  
        necessary to carry out the financing and operation  of Axis Kessler  Park (the  
        “Development”) and containing other provisions relating to such Development,  
        including resolutions  approving the ground lease between Axis Kessler Park  
         Holdco  LP  (the  “Borrower”)  and  DHFC Axis  Kessler  Park  Landowner,  LLC,  
        approving   the   regulatory   agreement   with   respect   to   the   Development,  
        authorizing financing for the Development to include: an equity investment  by  
        Axis Partners JV LLC to the Borrower and loan financing from Walker & Dunlop,  
         LLC to the Borrower, and authorizing and ratifying actions and the execution of  
        documents  by  the  Corporation’s  President,  other  officers,  General  Manager  
        and  Assistant  General  Manager   in  connection  with  the  above-described  
        transactions.   
          
VIII.   Action     Item:     Resolution      for    555    Ross,     a   multifamily      residential  
        development  located  at  1777  N  Record  St  in  the  City  of  Dallas,  Dallas  
        County,      Texas   –     Aaron     Eaquinto,     General      Manager;      Ryan     Bowen,  
         Corporation  Counsel,  Chapman  and  Cutler  LLP  and  Tim  Nelson,  Managing  
        Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        Consider and adopt a resolution approving a memorandum of understanding  
        (“MOU”) with Opportunity Housing Group, Inc. for the acquisition of 555 Ross,  
        a multifamily residential development located at 1777 N Record St in the City  
        of Dallas, Dallas County, Texas and the creation with the Secretary of State of  
        a limited liability company to own the development with the Corporation as the  
        sole member, to be named DHFC 555  Ross Apartments, LLC and approving  
        the form and substance of a limited liability company agreement.  

IX.      Review and discussion of DHFC Treasurer’s report for the five-month  
        period ending on May 31, 2024 – Aaron Eaquinto ,  General Manager  

                                                 2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

X.         Review and discussion of the Corporation’s pipeline report as of July 8,  
          2024 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  

XI.       Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President                                                                 

                                                              3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una  persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               4  
  
