----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

    RE-CE-IV ED  
                                                                                                Puf,fic Notice  
ma� JUN 26 PH  2:5 9                                                                                 2  4  0  6  4  2 
         SEC ETARY  
 CITY  
                                                   LANDMARK COMMISSION                                        CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                              POSTED  
                                                      REGULAR MEETING                                          DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
               TEXAS  
                
 DALLAS. 
                                                             REVISED  

                          July 1, 2024, Briefing at 9 :00 A.M. and the Public Hearing at 1:00 P.M.  
                            Dallas City Hall, 6ES Council Briefing Room and Videoconference  

                                Video Conference: (24910924815@dallascityhall.webex.com)  
                                  Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 249 109 24815  
                       Password: July24LMC (58592456 when dialing from a phone or video system)  

    The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to programs and/or other related activities to ensure all residents have  
    access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or  
    translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the Board Coordinator by calling (214) 670-4206 or TTY (800) 735-2989,  
    at least seventy-two (72) hours (3 days) in advance of the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available two  
    business days after adjournment by visiting https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  

    La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo "Adaptaciones Razonables" a los programas y/u otras actividades relacionadas para garantizar  
    que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios y recursos para garantizar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
    Cualquier persona que necesite ayuda auxiliar, servicio y/o traducción para participar de forma plena en la reunión, debe notificar  
    al Departamento llamando al (214) 670-1786 o TTY (800) 735-2989, por lo menos setenta y dos (72) horas (3 días) antes de la  
    reunión programada. Una transmisión de video de la reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego del levantamiento de la  
    reunión visitando https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  

    The public may listen to the meeting as an attendee at the following videoconference link:  
    https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mfec220351dc3ac153420605f0ae0416b  

      Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must register with the Office of Historic Preservation by emailing  
    Phyllis.hill@dallas.gov one hour prior to the meeting date start time.    

                                                             AGENDA  

    I.      Call to Order                                                                   Evelyn Montgomery, Chair  

    II.     Public Speakers 

    III.    Approval of Minutes 

             -   June 3, 2024, regular meeting minutes 

    IV.     Staff Reports/Briefings                                                         Office of Historic Preservation  

    V.      Briefing Items 

            -     Update on Appeal of CA234-246(MW), 1001 N. Crawford 
            -     Discussion regarding Defensible Motions 
            -     Demo Delay Process 
            -     Certificate of Eligibility (CE) Items 
            -     Consent Items 
            -     Courtesy Review Items 
            -     Discussion Items 

  VI.        Public Hearing 

  VII.      Adjournment 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                                 Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                            
             
             
             
             
                          Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  
una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley  
sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  handgun),  a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter  
this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  
una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar  
un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                                  EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:  

1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
     which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of  
     the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.072]  

3.    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.073]  

4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
      officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
      employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.    discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect  
     that the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is conducting  
      economic development negotiations; or  deliberating  the  offer  of  a  financial or  other  incentive  to  a business  
      prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.    deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology, network security  
      information,  or  the  deployment  or  specific  occasions  for  implementations  of  security  personnel,  critical  
      infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                   Page 2 of 17  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                  Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                                  Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                      
  
  
  
  
 CONSENT AGENDA  
  
  
 1.  4001 CAPITOL AVE                                                   Request:  
Alex W Spencer Junior High School                                       1.  A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  repair/restore  the  
CA234-383(RD)                                                              historic,  deteriorated  steel  windows  (total  71)  on  all  
Rhonda Dunn                                                                (three) protected elevations of the main building.  
                                                                        2.  A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  replace  previous  
                                                                           replacement windows (total 2) on main building, to match  
                                                                           the historic.  
                                                                        Applicant: RPGA Design Group  
                                                                        Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                        Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                        1. That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                           repair/restore  the  historic,  deteriorated  steel  windows  
                                                                           (total 71) on all (three) protected elevations of the main  
                                                                           building  be approved in accordance with drawings and  
                                                                           specifications      dated     5/27/2024      with    the    following  
                                                                           condition:   that   the   proposed   work   adheres   to   the  
                                                                           guidelines      set     forth    in    National     Park      Service  
                                                                           “Preservation   Brief   #13:   The   Repair   and   Thermal  
                                                                           Upgrading of Historic Steel Windows”. Implementation of  
                                                                           the  recommended  condition  would  allow  the  proposed  
                                                                           work to be consistent with preservation criteria Sections  
                                                                           4.3 and 4.6 under Facades; the standards in City Code  
                                                                           Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i) for contributing structures;  
                                                                           and   the   Secretary   of   the   Interior’s   Standards   for  
                                                                           Rehabilitation.  
                                                                        2. That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                           replace previous replacement windows (total 2) on main  
                                                                           building, to match the historic be approved in accordance  
                                                                           with  drawings  and  specifications  dated  5/27/2024  with  
                                                                           the   following   conditions:   that   replacement   windows  
                                                                           match  the  historic  in  lite  configuration,  profile  (e.g.,  
                                                                           muntin     and     mullion    size)   and     material;    and    that  
                                                                           replacement glass and glazing be clear and match the  
                                                                           existing     historic    material.     Implementation         of   the  
                                                                           recommended conditions would allow the proposed work  
                                                                           to be consistent with preservation criteria Sections 5.2,  
                                                                           5.3  and  5.6  under  Fenestration  and  Openings;  the  
                                                                           standards in City Code Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i) for  
                                                                           contributing structures; and the Secretary of the Interior’s  
                                                                           Standards for Rehabilitation.  
                                                                        Task Force Recommendation:  

                                                          Page 3 of 17  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                               Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                  
                                                                      1. That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                         repair/restore  the  historic,  deteriorated  steel  windows  
                                                                         (total 71) on all (three) protected elevations of the main  
                                                                         building be approved as submitted.  
                                                                     2. That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                         replace previous replacement windows (total 2) on main  
                                                                         building,  to  match  the  historic  be  approved  with  the  
                                                                        following conditions: that applicant will provide detailed  
                                                                         drawings  of  the  new  replacement  windows;  and  that  
                                                                         applicant will include in the glass specifications that one  
                                                                        fourth  (¼)  inch  thick  clear  (not  tinted)  glass  will  be  
                                                                         provided (i.e., installed).  
                                                                          
2.   5746 LA VISTA CT                                                Request:  
Edison/La Vista Court Addition Historic District                     A Certificate of Appropriateness to construct an 8-foot-tall  
CA234-396(MW)                                                        brick fence partially on the west and south boundaries of the  
 Marcus Watson                                                       west side yard, painted to match main structure, with two  
                                                                     (2) wooden gates.  
                                                                     Applicant: Pacifico, Sandro   
                                                                     Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                     construct an 8-foot-tall brick fence partially on the west and  
                                                                     south boundaries of the west side yard, painted to match  
                                                                     main structure, with two (2) wooden gates  be  approved in  
                                                                     accordance with materials dated 6/6/24 with the conditions  
                                                                     that the fence include vertical pillars at approximately 8-foot  
                                                                     intervals and cast stone coping in a natural buff color at the  
                                                                     top with the final design to be approved by staff; that the  
                                                                     fence  be  placed  at  least  one  (1)  foot  behind  the  public  
                                                                     sidewalk;  and  with  the  finding  that  more  screening  is  
                                                                     necessary   to   ensure   privacy   due   to   unusually   high  
                                                                     pedestrian and vehicular traffic and that the fence does not  
                                                                     screen any portion of a significant architectural feature of  
                                                                     the main structure.  Implementation of the recommended  
                                                                     conditions would allow the proposed work to be consistent  
                                                                     with preservation criteria Sections 2.10 and 2.11; City Code  
                                                                     Section  4.501(g)(6)(i)  for  contributing  structures;  and  the  
                                                                     Secretary      of    the    Interior’s   Standards       for    Setting  
                                                                     (Neighborhood/District).  
                                                                     Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     No quorum.  Comments only:  Cast stone caps along the  
                                                                     top in a natural or buff color; add architectural relief such as  
                                                                     pillars or columns; must be at least 50% behind the front  
                                                                     corner  of  the  building;  move  at  least  one  foot  off  the  
                                                                     sidewalk for pedestrian comfort; recommend checking with  
                                                                     Building Inspections regarding location with respect to the  
                                                                     visibility triangle.  

                                                        Page 4 of 17  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                               Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                  
                                                                       

3.  4043 MARTIN LUTHER KING BLVD                                     Request:  
Fair Park Historic District                                          1. A   Certificate   of   Appropriateness   to   install   a   gated  
CA234-384(RD)                                                           opening/entrance with ramp on the west elevation of the  
Rhonda Dunn                                                              main building.  
                                                                     2. A Certificate of Appropriateness to raise the roof line at  
                                                                        the  south  entrance  (facing  the  Coliseum)  of  the  main  
                                                                         building.  
                                                                     Applicant: State Fair of Texas – Steven McCurdy  
                                                                     Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                         install a gated opening/entrance with ramp on the west  
                                                                        elevation of the main building be approved in accordance  
                                                                        with  drawings  and  specifications  dated  5/27/2024  with  
                                                                        the  following  conditions:  that  bricks  removed  to  create  
                                                                        opening  be  salvaged;  that  steel  gate  height  match  or  
                                                                        exceed the height of the (remaining) brick wall; that the  
                                                                         infill on the sides of the steel gate be chain-link fencing;  
                                                                        and  that  the  height  of  the  infill  match  the  gate  height.  
                                                                         Implementation  of  the  recommended  conditions  would  
                                                                        allow    the    proposed      work     to  be    consistent     with  
                                                                         preservation criteria Section 3.11 pertaining to fencing;  
                                                                        the standards in City Code Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(ii)  
                                                                        for  noncontributing structures; and the Secretary of the  
                                                                         Interior’s Guidelines for Setting (District/Neighborhood).  
                                                                     2.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                         raise  the  roof  line  at  the  south  entrance  (facing  the  
                                                                        Coliseum)       of  the    main    building    be    approved      in  
                                                                        accordance   with   drawings   and   specifications   dated  
                                                                        5/27/2024.  The  proposed  work  is  consistent  with  the  
                                                                        standards in City Code Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(ii) for  
                                                                         noncontributing  structures;  and  the  Secretary  of  the  
                                                                         Interior’s Guidelines for Setting (District/Neighborhood).  
                                                                     Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                         install a gated opening/entrance with ramp on the west  
                                                                        elevation  of  the  main  building  be  approved  with  the  
                                                                        following conditions:  
                                                                                   a.  Infill with chain-link fencing at sides of chain- 
                                                                                       link gate to match gate height.  
                                                                                   b.  Submit      intended     design     for   temporary  
                                                                                       protection from rain above gate.  
                                                                                   c.  Submit  intended  repairs  to  brick  wall  and  
                                                                                       louvers       (a    separate       Certificate      of  
                                                                                       Appropriateness application).  

                                                       Page 5 of 17  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                              Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                 
                                                                     2.  That the  request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        raise  the  roof  line  at  the  south  entrance  (facing  the  
                                                                        Coliseum)      of   the   main    building    be   approved      as  
                                                                        submitted.   
                                                                       
4.   5733 TREMONT ST                                                 Request:  
Junius Heights Historic District                                     A  Certificate  of  Demolition  to  demolish  a  noncontributing  
CD234-009(CM)                                                        accessory        structure.       Standard:        Demolition        of  
Christina Mankowski                                                  noncontributing structure because newer than the period of  
                                                                     significance.  
                                                                     Applicant: Kostohryz, Kim    
                                                                     Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     That the request for a Certificate of Demolition to demolish  
                                                                     a noncontributing accessory structure that is newer than the  
                                                                     period of significance be approved with specifications dated  
                                                                     7/1/2024.   The   proposed   work   is   consistent   with   the  
                                                                     standards in City Code Section 51A-4.501(h)(4)(D).  
                                                                     Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     That the request for a Certificate of Demolition to demolish  
                                                                     a noncontributing accessory structure that is newer than the  
                                                                     period of significance be approved.   Approve demolition of  
                                                                     existing garage because it is not original.  
                                                                       
5.  4903 Reiger Ave                                                  Request:    
Munger Place Historic District                                       A Certificate of Appropriateness to replace existing  
CA234-393(CM)                                                        scalloped asphalt roof with option 1.) F Wave Revia  
Christina Mankowski                                                  Designer Slate Estate Series Premium Synthetic Shingle  
                                                                     or option 2.) F Wave Revia Hand Split Shake Collection  
                                                                     Premium Synthetic Shingle.  
                                                                     Applicant:  Montague, Caryn  
                                                                     Application Filed: 6/5/2024  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                     replace existing scalloped asphalt roof with either option be  
                                                                     approved in accordance with plans and specification dated  
                                                                     7/1/24. The proposed work is consistent with preservation  
                                                                     criteria  Sec.  57P-97.111(c)(1)(P)(i)(aa);  the  standards  in  
                                                                     City  Code  Section  51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i)  for  contributing  
                                                                     structures; and the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards for  
                                                                     Rehabilitation.  
                                                                     Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                     replace Scalloped Asphalt Roof be approved with either  
                                                                     option.  Task Force recommends brings samples to the  
                                                                     LMC Meeting.  
                                                                       

                                                       Page 6 of 17  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

                                                                             Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                             Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                               
 6.  210 N CLINTON AVE                                              Request:    
Winnetka Heights Historic District                                  A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  install  a  CertainTeed  
 CA234-397(MW)                                                      architectural  composite  shingle  roof  in  "Hunter  Green"  
 Marcus Watson                                                      color.  
                                                                    Applicant:  Burns, John  
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                    Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                    That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                    install a CertainTeed architectural composite shingle roof in  
                                                                    "Hunter  Green"  color  be  approved  in  accordance  with  
                                                                    materials    submitted     6/3/24.      The    proposed     work    is  
                                                                    consistent     with    preservation      criteria   Section      51P- 
                                                                    87.111(a)(8)(E);      City   Code    Section     4.501(g)(6)(i)    for  
                                                                    contributing  structures; and the Secretary of the Interior’s  
                                                                    Standards for Setting (Neighborhood/District).  
                                                                    Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                    No quorum.  Supportive.  Comments: “Green dormers too  
                                                                    close to roof color?  Show photos of neighboring houses.”  
                                                                      
 7.   217 N ROSEMONT AVE                                            Request:   
 Winnetka Heights Historic District                                 A    Certificate     of    Appropriateness        for    a    master  
CA234-398(MW)                                                       landscape/hardscape plan for the front and side yards, and  
Marcus Watson                                                       removal of one (1) tree in the front yard.  
                                                                    Applicant: Thomas, William  
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                    Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                    That    a   Certificate   of   Appropriateness       for  a   master  
                                                                    landscape/hardscape plan for the front and side yards, and  
                                                                    removal  of  one  (1)  tree  in  the  front  yard  be  approved  in  
                                                                    accordance with materials dated June 2024 with the finding  
                                                                    that the tree proposed to be removed poses a threat to the  
                                                                    front porch foundation and that a new tree is proposed  in  
                                                                    the front yard  to mitigate the loss.  The proposed work is  
                                                                    consistent     with    preservation     criteria   Sections      51P- 
                                                                    87.111(b)(1),  (b)(3),  (b)(6)  and  (b)(9);  City  Code  Section  
                                                                    4.501(g)(6)(i) for contributing structures; and the Secretary  
                                                                    of      the       Interior’s      Standards          for      Setting  
                                                                    (Neighborhood/District).  
                                                                    Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                    No quorum.  Supportive, including removal of the subject  
                                                                    tree.  It appears to be detrimental to the porch foundation.   
                                                                      
 8.   307 S ROSEMONT AVE                                            Request:   
Winnetka Heights Historic District                                  A Certificate of Appropriateness to amend CA234-191(MW)  
 CA234-399(MW)                                                      for a rear addition on the main structure to include a small  
 Marcus Watson                                                      addition  to  the  existing  accessory  structure  with  a  stair  
                                                                    egress from the basement.  
                                                                    Applicant: Ibarra, Enrrique  

                                                      Page 7 of 17  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

                                                                              Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                 
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                     amend  CA234-191(MW)  for  a  rear  addition  on  the  main  
                                                                     structure   to   include   a   small   addition   to   the   existing  
                                                                     accessory structure with a stair egress from the basement  
                                                                     be  approved  in  accordance  with  plans  and  specifications  
                                                                     dated  5/7/24  with  the  condition  that  all  materials,  details,  
                                                                     colors, and design match the previously approved  plans  in  
                                                                     CA234-191(MW),  as  conditioned.    Implementation  of  this  
                                                                     recommended condition would allow the proposed work to  
                                                                     be   consistent   with   preservation   criteria   Section   51P- 
                                                                     87.111(a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(10), and (a)(14); City Code Section  
                                                                     4.501(g)(6)(i) for contributing structures; and the Secretary  
                                                                     of      the       Interior’s       Standards         for       Setting  
                                                                     (Neighborhood/District).  
                                                                     Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     No quorum.  Supportive.  Are the roofs too close together?   
                                                                     Check  building  code.    Send  to  Building  Inspections  for  
                                                                     preliminary review.   
                                                                      
COURTESY REVIEW  
  
1.   715 N MARSALIS AVE                                              Request:  
Lake Cliff Historic District                                         A Courtesy Review for a request to construct  a new multi- 
CR234-020(MW)                                                        family building on a vacant lot.  
Marcus Watson                                                       Applicant:  Canoura, Federico   
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Feedback:   
                                                                     Courtesy review  –  no  action  required.   That  a  request to  
                                                                     construct a new multi-family development be conceptually  
                                                                     supported with the understanding that the final design, as  
                                                                     well as any associated site plans, elevations, renderings,  
                                                                     and details are to be submitted for Landmark Commission  
                                                                     review.  
                                                                     Task Force Feedback:  
                                                                     Courtesy   review  –   no   action   required.     No   quorum.   
                                                                     Generally  supportive  of  new  construction  if  configured  
                                                                     differently (Note:  Applicant has complied).  Need new front  
                                                                     doors.  Rework concept into all one building.  Avoid central  
                                                                     alley driveway.  Does not have to be Craftsman.  
                                                                       
2.   1000 N PEAK ST                                                  Request:  
Peak's Suburban Addition Neighborhood Historic                       A Courtesy Review of a  request  to construct a new multi- 
District                                                             family building on a vacant lot created from the loss of the  
CR234-021(MW)                                                        previous building to fire.  
Marcus Watson                                                       Applicant:  Till, Brian  
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  

                                                       Page 8 of 17  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

                                                                                Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                                Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                      Staff Feedback:   
                                                                      Courtesy review –  no action required.    That a request  to  
                                                                      construct a new multi-family building on a vacant lot created  
                                                                      from the loss of the previous building to fire be conceptually  
                                                                      supported with the understanding that the final design, as  
                                                                      well as any associated site plans, elevations, renderings,  
                                                                      and details are to be submitted for Landmark Commission  
                                                                      review.   
                                                                      Task Force Feedback:  
                                                                      Courtesy review – no action required. Comments:    
                                                                      1.  It  was  confirmed  that  the  Historic  District  Ordinance  
                                                                         supersedes  language in PD 298.  As such, the building  
                                                                         proposed is too tall.  
                                                                      2.  Parking   is   inadequate   given   the   number   of   units  
                                                                         proposed.  
                                                                      3.  There   is   no   defined   “style”   to   this   building.      We  
                                                                         recommended  that  the  applicant  choose  a  style.    For  
                                                                         example:    Craftsman  /  Prairie  in  this  neighborhood  is  
                                                                         typically  a  one-story  bungalow,  a  two  and  a  half-story  
                                                                         single family house, and in some instances a duplex or  
                                                                         four-plex.  The only apartment buildings of greater mass  
                                                                         than a fourplex which are within the period of significance  
                                                                         are:    Viola  Courts  (4845  Swiss),  Spanish  Steps  (4806  
                                                                         Swiss), and the multi-family at 4400 Gaston Avenue.  We  
                                                                         recommended that the applicant use these structures as  
                                                                         an  example  of  the  historic  architecture  that  would  be  
                                                                         appropriate rather than borrowing from multiple historic  
                                                                         architectural styles.  
                                                                      4.  It   was   also   noted   that   the   plans   call   for   Hardie  
                                                                         cementitious siding, and vinyl windows, neither of which  
                                                                         are   consistent   with   our   ordinance.      We   urged   the  
                                                                         applicant to change the windows to wood-on-wood, and  
                                                                         to consider an all-brick building, or to change the siding  
                                                                         materials to wood siding consistent with the architectural  
                                                                         style chosen.  
                                                                           
                                                                      Note:  The design has changed since Task Force Review.  
                                                                        
3.   2826 METROPOLITAN AVE                                            Request:  
Wheatley Place Historic District                                      Courtesy  Review  --   Construct  a  new  main  residential  
CR234-019(RD)                                                         building (on a vacant, interior lot).  
Rhonda Dunn                                                           Applicant:  Sharifi, Kaveh  
                                                                      Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                      Staff Feedback:   
                                                                      Courtesy review –  no action required. That the request to  
                                                                      construct a new main residential building (on a vacant lot)  
                                                                      be conceptually approved with the understanding that the  
                                                                      final   design,   as   well   as   any   associated   site   plans,  

                                                        Page 9 of 17  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

                                                                               Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                  
                                                                     elevations, renderings, and details are to be submitted for  
                                                                     Landmark Commission review.  
                                                                     Task Force Feedback:  
                                                                     Courtesy Review -- Comments only, which are as follows:  
                                                                     1.  Extend rear roof for a larger rear porch.  
                                                                     2. Add a window to rear bedroom.  
                                                                     3. Add brackets to front porch gable (wall).  
                                                                     4.  Have (front) porch columns touch the ground.  
                                                                       
4.  407 N WILLOMET AVE                                               Request:  
Winnetka Heights Historic District                                   A Courtesy Review for a request to construct a rear addition  
CR234-022(MW)                                                        on the main structure.  
Marcus Watson                                                        Applicant:  Pickard, Stephen  
                                                                     Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Feedback:   
                                                                     Courtesy Review –  No action required.  That a request to  
                                                                     construct   a   rear   addition   on   the   main   structure        be  
                                                                     conceptually supported with the understanding that the final  
                                                                     design,  as  well  as  any  associated  site  plans,  elevations,  
                                                                     renderings, and details are to be submitted for Landmark  
                                                                     Commission review.  
                                                                     Task Force Feedback:  
                                                                     A Courtesy Review for a request to construct a rear addition  
                                                                     on the main structure.   No quorum.  Supportive.  Will need  
                                                                     more  detailed  plans  for  actual  review.    Add  a  photo  of  
                                                                     existing  back  of  house  showing  full  back  (only  partial  
                                                                     included). Consider other options for small side windows.  
                                                                       
DISCUSSION ITEMS:  
  
1.   601 ELM ST                                                      Request:   
West End Historic District                                           An extension on the Certificate of Eligibility (CE) for a tax  
CE234-008(CM)                                                        exemption on 100 percent of land and improvements for a  
Christina Mankowski                                                  period    of   ten   years    and    approval     of   an   estimated  
                                                                     $1,268,138  in  expenditures  to  be  spent  on  rehabilitation  
                                                                     prior to the issuance of the Certificate of Eligibility.   
                                                                     Applicant: Ragan, Tanya   
                                                                     Application Filed: 6/6/2018  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:   
                                                                     Approval of the extension of the Certificate of Eligibility and  
                                                                     approval of an estimated $1,268,138  in expenditures to be  
                                                                     spent on rehabilitation prior to the issuance of the Certificate  
                                                                     of    Eligibility  with    the    condition     that    all   required  
                                                                     documentation for Step 2 of the Tax Exemption Program  
                                                                     process   is   submitted   prior   to   receiving   approved   CE  
                                                                     extension.  
                                                                       

                                                       Page 10 of 17  

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

                                                                             Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                            Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                               
2.  702 N GLASGOW DR                                               Request:  
Junius Heights Historic District                                    1. A Certificate of Appropriateness to construct a new arch  
CA234-389(CM)                                                          to the front facade.  
Christina Mankowski                                                 2. A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  change  trim  paint  
                                                                       colors  to:  Stucco  -  SW7076  "Cyberspace"  and  trim  -  
                                                                       SW6993 "Black of Night".  
                                                                    3. A   Certificate    of    Appropriateness       to   install   new  
                                                                       landscaping per landscape plan date 5/23/2024.  
                                                                    Applicant: Guest, Ron  
                                                                   Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                   Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                    1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                       construct  a  new  arch  to  the  front  facade  be  denied  
                                                                       without prejudice. The proposed work is inconsistent with  
                                                                       preservation criterion Section 4.1 pertaining to Protected  
                                                                       Facades;  the  standards  in  City  Code  Section  51A- 
                                                                       4.501(g)(6)(C)(i)   for   contributing   structures;   and   the  
                                                                       Secretary of the Interior’s Standards for Rehabilitation.  
                                                                    2.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                       change     trim   paint    colors    to:  Stucco     -   SW7076  
                                                                       "Cyberspace"  and  trim  -  SW6993  "Black  of  Night"  be  
                                                                       denied    without     prejudice.    The    proposed      work    is  
                                                                       inconsistent with preservation criterion Section 4.8 and  
                                                                       4.9  pertaining  to  facade  paint  colors;  the  standards  in  
                                                                       City Code Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i) for contributing  
                                                                       structures; and the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards  
                                                                       for Rehabilitation.  
                                                                    3.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                       install   new   landscaping   per   landscape   plan   dated  
                                                                       5/23/2024 be approved. The proposed work is consistent  
                                                                       with   preservation   criteria   Section   3.5   pertaining   to  
                                                                       Landscaping; the standards in City Code Section 51A- 
                                                                       4.501(g)(6)(C)(i)   for   contributing   structures;   and   the  
                                                                       Secretary of the Interior’s Standards.  
                                                                   Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                    1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                       construct  a  new  arch  to  the  front  facade  be  denied  
                                                                       without prejudice per 4.1(a)  and  (e) of the preservation  
                                                                       criteria  as  there  appears  to  be  no  historical  existing  
                                                                       arched porch.  
                                                                    2.  That the request for a  Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                       change trim paint colors to: Stucco - SW7076 "" and trim  
                                                                       -  SW6993  "Black  of  Night."  Approve  paint  colors  but  
                                                                       recommends the use of a lighter color for the non-trim  
                                                                       elements.  
                                                                    3.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                       install  new     landscaping     per    landscape     plan    date  
                                                                       5/23/2024 be approved as shown.   

                                                     Page 11 of 17  

----------------------- Page 12-----------------------

                                                                              Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                 
                                                                          

3.  5406 JUNIUS ST                                                   Request:    
Junius Heights Historic District                                     1. A Certificate of Appropriateness to enclose existing rear  
CA234-390(CM)                                                           screened in porch of main structure.   
Christina Mankowski                                                  2. A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  modify  fenestration  
                                                                        on rear elevation of main structure.  
                                                                     3. A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  replace  all  original  
                                                                        wood  windows  with  new  Siteline  Wood  Double  Hung  
                                                                        windows.  
                                                                     Applicant:  Trecartin, Aaron  
                                                                     Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                     Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        enclose existing rear screened in porch of main structure  
                                                                        be    approved      in   accordance       with    drawings      and  
                                                                        specifications  dated  5/27/2024.  The  proposed  work  is  
                                                                        consistent     with    preservation      criteria   Section      4.1  
                                                                        pertaining to Protected facades and Section 7 pertaining  
                                                                        to  Porches  and  Balcones;  the  standards  in  City  Code  
                                                                        Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i) for contributing structures;  
                                                                        and the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards.   
                                                                     2.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        modify fenestration on rear elevation of main structure be  
                                                                        approved in accordance with drawings and specifications  
                                                                        dated 5/27/2024. The proposed work is consistent with  
                                                                        preservation criteria Section 4.1 pertaining to Protected  
                                                                        facades;   the   standards   in   City   Code   Section   51A- 
                                                                        4.501(g)(6)(C)(i)   for   contributing   structures;   and   the  
                                                                        Secretary of the Interior’s Standards.  
                                                                     3.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        replace  all  original  wood  windows  with  new  Siteline  
                                                                        Wood      Double     Hung     windows      be    denied    without  
                                                                        prejudice.   The   proposed   work   is   inconsistent   with  
                                                                        preservation      criterion    Section      5.1    pertaining     to  
                                                                        Fenestration and Openings; the standards in City Code  
                                                                        Section 51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i) for contributing structures;  
                                                                        and   the   Secretary   of   the   Interior’s   Standards   for  
                                                                        Rehabilitation.  
                                                                     Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        enclose existing rear screened in porch of main structure  
                                                                        be approved as shown.   
                                                                     2.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        modify fenestration on rear elevation of main structure be  
                                                                        approved as shown.   
                                                                     3.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        replace  all  original  wood  windows  with  new  Siteline  

                                                      Page 12 of 17  

----------------------- Page 13-----------------------

                                                                              Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                              Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                 
                                                                        Wood Double Hung windows be  approve as presented  
                                                                        and recommend repair/restoration of the windows rather  
                                                                        than replacing, especially those in the front 50% of the  
                                                                        main structure.  
                                                                          
4.  5733 TREMONT ST                                                 Request:  
Junius Heights Historic District                                     1.  A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  build  a  two-car  
CA234-392(CM)                                                           garage.  
Christina Mankowski                                                 2.  A Certificate of  Appropriateness to build an addition to  
                                                                        add   a   partial   second   story   to   the   one-story   main  
                                                                        structure.  
                                                                    Applicant: Pena, Fred  
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024                 
                                                                    Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                     1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        build a two-car garage be approved in accordance with  
                                                                        plans and specification dated 5/28/24 with condition that  
                                                                        the setback is moved to accommodate the three foot side  
                                                                        yard setback per preservation criteria. Implementation of  
                                                                        the  recommended  condition  would  allow  the  proposed  
                                                                        work  to be  consistent with preservation criteria Section  
                                                                        9.9 pertaining to Accessory Structures; the standards in  
                                                                        City     Code       Section       51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(ii)         for  
                                                                        noncontributing  structures;  and  the  Secretary  of  the  
                                                                        Interior’s Standards for Rehabilitation.  
                                                                     2.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        build an addition to add a partial second story to the one- 
                                                                        story main structure be approved in accordance with the  
                                                                        plans and specifications dated 5/28/24 with the condition  
                                                                        that the contextual rendering is provided to demonstrate  
                                                                        that the partial second story addition does not exceed the  
                                                                        height of similar structures on the block.  Implementation  
                                                                        of the recommended condition would allow the proposed  
                                                                        work to be consistent with preservation criteria Section 8  
                                                                        pertaining  to  Main  Structure:  New  Construction  and  
                                                                        Additions;  the  standards  in  City  Code  Section  51A- 
                                                                        4.501(g)(6)(C)(i)   for   contributing   structures;   and   the  
                                                                        Secretary of the Interior’s Standards for Rehabilitation.   
                                                                    Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                     1.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        build  a  two-car  garage be  approved  with  the  condition  
                                                                        that there is a  three-foot  side  yard setback per section  
                                                                        9.9.  
                                                                     2.  That the request for a Certificate of Appropriateness to  
                                                                        build an addition to add a partial second story to the one- 
                                                                        story main structure be approve with the condition that  
                                                                        height of the addition does not exceed height of the other  
                                                                        main structure on the block per Section 8.6.  

                                                      Page 13 of 17  

----------------------- Page 14-----------------------

                                                                                Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                                Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                   
                                                                           

5.  2515 THOMAS AVE                                                   Request:   
State Thomas Historic District                                        A    Certificate    of   Appropriateness        to    install   artificial  
CA234-375(MW)                                                         grass/groundcover in the front yard.  
Marcus Watson                                                         Applicant: Blancett, Joshua  
                                                                      Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                      Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                      That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                      install  artificial  grass/groundcover  in  the  front  yard   be  
                                                                      denied  with  the  finding  that  artificial  plant  material  is  not  
                                                                      compatible  with  historic landscaping  in  the  district,  would  
                                                                      have an adverse effect on the district, and is inconsistent  
                                                                      with preservation criteria Section 51P-225.121(j)(3)(A) and  
                                                                      (m)(1),  City  Code  Section  4.501(g)(6)(i)  for  contributing  
                                                                      structures and the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards for  
                                                                      Setting (Neighborhood/District).  
                                                                      Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                      No quorum.  Not supportive.  The work is not consistent with  
                                                                      preservation criteria 51P-225.121(j)(3)(A), which does not  
                                                                      allow artificial plant materials.  
                                                                        
6.   6205 LA VISTA DR                                                 Request:   
Swiss Avenue Historic District                                        A  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  replace  existing  slate  
CA234-395(CM)                                                         shingle  roof  with  DaVinci  Province  Synthetic  Slate  in  the  
Christina Mankowski                                                   color "Vineyard".  
                                                                      Applicant: Rumba LLC  
                                                                      Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                      Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                      That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                      replace  existing  slate  shingle  roof  with  DaVinci  Province  
                                                                      Synthetic  Slate  in the  color  "Vineyard"  be  denied  without  
                                                                      prejudice.  The  proposed  work  is  inconsistent  with  the  
                                                                      standards  in  City  Code  Section  51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(i)  for  
                                                                      contributing structures; and the Secretary of the Interior’s  
                                                                      Standards for Rehabilitation.  
                                                                      Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                      That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                      replace  existing  slate  shingle  roof  with  DaVinci  Province  
                                                                      Synthetic  Slate  in the  color  "Vineyard"  be  denied  without  
                                                                      prejudice.  Materials are not typical of the style and period  
                                                                      of the home.  The existing slate should be  replaced  with  
                                                                      natural slate rather than synthetic slate.  
                                                                        
7.   207 N CLIFF ST                                                   Request:   
Tenth Street Neighborhood Historic District                           A Certificate of Appropriateness to  construct a new main  
CA234-385(RD)                                                         residential  building  (on  a  vacant,  corner  lot)  --  with  an  
Rhonda Dunn                                                           attached accessory dwelling unit.  

                                                       Page 14 of 17  

----------------------- Page 15-----------------------

                                                                              Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                             Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                
                                                                    Applicant: Lamont, Adam  
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                    Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                    That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                    construct  a  new  main  residential  building  (on  a  vacant,  
                                                                    corner lot)  --  with an attached accessory dwelling unit  be  
                                                                    approved in accordance with drawings and specifications  
                                                                    dated    5/27/2024      with    the   following    conditions:     that  
                                                                    foundation type be a crawl space foundation; that face brick  
                                                                    skirting be extended to grade/ground level on all elevations  
                                                                    –  concealing  concrete  foundation;  and  that  driveway(s),  
                                                                    walkway(s)   and   steps   be   of   brush   finished   concrete.  
                                                                    Implementation   of   the  recommended   conditions   would  
                                                                    allow the proposed work to be consistent with preservation  
                                                                    criteria Section (c) pertaining to site and site elements, and  
                                                                    Section  (b)  under  New  Construction  and  Additions;  the  
                                                                    standards  in  City  Code  Section  51A-4.501(g)(6)(C)(ii)  for  
                                                                    noncontributing   structures;   and   the   Secretary   of   the  
                                                                    Interior’s Guidelines for Setting (District/Neighborhood).  
                                                                    Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                    That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                    construct  a  new  main  residential  building  (on  a  vacant,  
                                                                    corner lot)  --  with an attached accessory dwelling unit  be  
                                                                    approved as submitted.  
                                                                      
8.  212 S CLIFF ST                                                  Request:   
Tenth Street Neighborhood Historic District                         A Certificate of Appropriateness to  construct a new main  
CA234-386(RD)                                                       residential building (on a vacant, corner lot).  
Rhonda Dunn                                                         Applicant: Ward, Brandon  
                                                                    Application Filed: 5/27/2024  
                                                                    Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                    That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                    construct  a  new  main  residential  building  (on  a  vacant,  
                                                                    corner lot)  be approved in accordance with drawings and  
                                                                    specifications      dated     5/27/2024      with    the    following  
                                                                    conditions:     that   foundation     type   be    a   crawl    space  
                                                                    foundation;  that  water  resistant  skirting  with  a  profile  to  
                                                                    match  exterior  lap-siding  be  installed  and  extended  to  
                                                                    grade/ground level on all elevations – concealing concrete  
                                                                    foundation;  that  driveway(s),  walkway(s)  and  steps  be  of  
                                                                    brush finished concrete; that exterior window trim (headers,  
                                                                    sides  and  aprons)  and  mullions  be  solid  wood  with  a  
                                                                    minimum width of four inches; and that exterior windows be  
                                                                    all wood (framed, not clad) with lite configuration of one over  
                                                                    one    (1-over-1).    Implementation       of   the   recommended  
                                                                    conditions would allow the proposed work to be consistent  
                                                                    with preservation criteria Section (c) pertaining to site and  
                                                                    site elements, and Section (b) under New Construction and  

                                                      Page 15 of 17  

----------------------- Page 16-----------------------

                                                                              Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                             Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                
                                                                    Additions;   the   standards   in   City   Code   Section   51A- 
                                                                    4.501(g)(6)(C)(ii)  for  noncontributing  structures;  and  the  
                                                                    Secretary      of   the    Interior’s    Guidelines      for   Setting  
                                                                    (District/Neighborhood).  
                                                                    Task Force Recommendation:  
                                                                    That  the  request  for  a  Certificate  of  Appropriateness  to  
                                                                    construct  a  new  main  residential  building  (on  a  vacant,  
                                                                    corner lot) be approved as submitted.   
                                                                      
9.  901 FORT WORTH AVE                                              Request:  
Belmont Motor Hotel                                                 A Landmark Commission Authorized Hearing to consider a  
Rhonda Dunn                                                         historic overlay for the Belmont Motor Hotel, on the north  
                                                                    side of Fort Worth Avenue and west of Sylvan Avenue (at  
                                                                    the intersection).  
                                                                    Owner: DIAMOND BELMONT HOLDINGS LLC  
                                                                    Filed: 6/18/2024   
                                                                    Staff Recommendation:  
                                                                    Approve, subject to preservation criteria.  
                                                                    Designation Committee Recommendation:  
                                                                    Approve  with  conditions,  subject  to  preservation  criteria,  
                                                                    and with Designation Committee edits to nomination report  
                                                                    and preservation criteria.  
                                                                      
                                                                    Note:    Staff   has    made      the   recommended         revisions  
                                                                    requested by the Designation Committee.  

                                                      Page 16 of 17  

----------------------- Page 17-----------------------

                                                                                     Landmark Commission Agenda  
                                                                                                     Monday, July 1, 2024  
                                                                                                                                            
                                               DESIGNATION COMMITTEE:  
  
  
Note: The official Designation Committee Agenda will be posted in the City Secretary's Office and City  
Website  at  www.ci.dallas.tx.us/cso/boardcal.shtml.   Please  review  the official  agenda for  location  and  
time.  
               

                                                           Page 17 of 17  
