----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED                                                                                     Pu6Cic Notice  

2023  NO V     29      AM  8:44 
                                                                                                        231 0 4 6 
 CITY SECRETARY   
  DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                               CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                POSTED  DALLAS, TX 
                                                                                                                              

                                               DEEP ELLUM TIF DISTRICT  
                                                  BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
                                                      MEETING NOTICE  
                          Reinvestment Zone Number Twelve, City of Dallas, Texas  

                                   (Deep Ellum Tax Increment Financing District)  
                                             December 5, 2023, at 11:00 a.m.  
                        Dallas City Hall, 6DN Conference Room and Videoconference  

                          Detailed information pertaining to this agenda may be found at  
                                     https://cityofdallas.legistar.com/Calendar.aspx  

                                                     Video Conference:  
        https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m80d9257e399e4b0f21927d9b95bddf51   
                               Telephone: 469-210-7159 Access Code: 2484 059 9540  

     The City of Dallas will make reasonable modifications             La  Ciudad  de  Dallas  llevará  a  cabo  Modificaciones  
     to  programs and/or other related activities to ensure            Razonables  a  los  programas  u  otras  actividades  
     all  residents have access to services and resources              relacionadas para asegurar que todos y cada uno de  
     to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone              los   residentes   tengan   acceso   a   los   servicios   y  
     requiring  auxiliary aid, service,  and/or  translation  to       recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  
     fully participate in the meeting should notify the Office         inclusiva. Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia  
     of Equity & Inclusion by calling (214) 670-7311 or TTY            adicional,  servicio   o  interpretación   para   poder  
     (800)  735-2989,  forty-eight  (48)  hours  prior  to  the        participar   de   forma   íntegra   en   la   reunión   debe  
                                                                       notificar a la Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando  
     scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will 
                                                                       al (214) 670-7311 o TTY (800) 735-2989, dos (2) días  
     be available two business days after adjournment by 
                                                                       hábiles  antes   de   la   reunión   programada.    Una  
     visiting                                                          transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible  
     https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.as               dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la reunión  
     px.                                                               en  https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live 
                                                                       .aspx.  
     Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  
     must register with the Office of Equity & Inclusion  by           Las  personas  y  las  partes  interesadas  que  deseen  
     calling (214) 670-7311, twenty-four (24) hours prior to           hacer  uso  de  la  palabra  deben  registrarse  en  la  
     the meeting date and time.                                        Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando al (214) 670- 
                                                                       7311, 24 horas antes del tiempo de la reunión.   

                                                            AGENDA  

          1.  Call to order and introduction of meeting participants. 

          2.  Public comments pertaining to agenda items 3 through 7. 

          3.  Review and consideration of the Meeting Record of the December 6, 2022 Deep Ellum TIF District 
              Board Meeting. 
              Presenter: Dorcy Clark, District Manager, Office of Economic Development 
              Recommended action: Approval 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

  

     4.   Review and consideration of the Deep Ellum TIF District Annual Report for FY 2022-2023.   
          Presenter: Dorcy Clark, District Manager, Office of Economic Development   
          Recommended action: Approval and forward a recommendation of approval to City Council  
           
     5.   Review and consideration of proposed amendments to the Project Plan and Reinvestment Zone  
          Financing Plan (“Plan”) for Tax Increment Financing Reinvestment Zone Number Twelve (the  
          “Deep Ellum TIF District”) to:   
              a.   Increase the total budget for the Deep Ellum TIF District from $29,992,935 net present  
                   value  (approximately  $57,641,077  in  total  dollars)  to  $46,408,080  net  present  value  
                   (approximately $93,519,023 in total dollars)  
              b.   Remove the Latino Cultural Center Area Improvements budget category and redefine the  
                   Open Space and Trail budget category to consist of District-Wide improvements for Open  
                   Space, Trails, Areas of Public Assembly including Cultural Area or Facility Improvements,  
                   and Public Parking  
              c.   Create new Affordable Housing budget categories to (1) support Deep Ellum TIF District  
                   mixed-income housing guidelines and (2) annually transfer 20% of Deep Ellum TIF District  
                   net increment to the City’s Department of Housing and Neighborhood Revitalization to  
                   support      Homeowner          Stabilization,     Home       Repair,     Homebuyer         Assistance,       and  
                   Displacement Mitigation Programs within the Grand Park South area  
              d.   Set Aside 20% of annual Deep Ellum TIF District net increment from 2023 collections  
                   (2022 values) through Deep Ellum TIF District termination for infrastructure improvements  
                   and areas of public assembly within the Grand Park South area (adjacent to the south of  
                   the Deep Ellum TIF District)  
              e.   Make corresponding modifications to the TIF District’s Plan  
              f.   Include findings that the proposed Plan amendments will have an overall benefit to, and  
                   further the purposes of, the Deep Ellum TIF District.  
          Presenter: Dorcy Clark, District Manager, Office of Economic Development  
          Recommended Action: Approval and forward a recommendation of approval to the City Council  
           
     6.   Review and consideration of proposed amendments to the Deep Ellum TIF District Increment  
         Allocation  Policy  to :  (a)  reflect  the  proposed  Plan  amendments  described  in  Item  5  and  (b)  
          increase the annual District-Wide Improvement Set-Aside from 5% to 25%  
          Presenter: Dorcy Clark, District Manager, Office of Economic Development  
          Recommended action: Approval  
           
     7.   Review and consideration of a regular meeting schedule for the Deep Ellum TIF District Board of  
          Directors for calendar year 2024.   
          Recommended action: Approval                     
           
     8.   Adjournment  

                                                                      
                         Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
property with a concealed handgun."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código  penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código  penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  licencia  
con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  

                                                                  2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

  

gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la  
vista."   
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
other weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
"De conformidad  con la  Sección  46.03, Código Penal (coloca  armas  prohibidas),  una  persona no  puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
   
   
  
                                                     EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
A  closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:   
           1.         seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
           matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
           Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  
           Govt. Code §551.071]   
           2.         deliberating  the  purchase,  exchange,  lease, or  value  of  real  property  if  deliberation  in an  open  
           meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  
           Govt. Code §551.072]   
           3.         deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an  
           open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
           4.         deliberating   the   appointment,   employment,   evaluation,   reassignment,   duties,   discipline,   or  
           dismissal of a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee  
           unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
           5.         deliberating  the  deployment,  or  specific  occasions  for  implementation,  of  security  personnel  or  
           devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
           6.         discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has  received  from  a  
           business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the  
           city  is  conducting  economic  development  negotiations;  or  deliberating  the  offer  of  a  financial  or  other  
           incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]   
           7.         deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology,  
           network  security  information,  or  the  deployment  or  specific  occasions  for  implementations  of  security  
           personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   
                                                                             

                                                                          3  
  
