----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

  RECEIVED                                                                                          Pub[k Notice  

2025 MAR 13 AM  10: 30 
                                          SENIOR AFFAIRS COMMISSION                                      2 5 0 2 8 5  

 CITY SECRETARY                                   HYBRID MEETING  
                                                                                                                 CITY 
 DALLAS, TEXAS                              March 17, 2025, at 12:00 P.M.                          POSTED             SECRETARY 
                                                                                                                   DALLAS 
                                                                                                                           , TX 
                                         Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium  
                                               Video Conference Link:  
  https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=med1cab3ffb6c13c23ec799b8ce196f7c  
                            Telephone: 469-210-7159, Access Code: 2489 955 4024  
 The     City     of    Dallas     will   make      Reasonable      La     Ciudad      de     Dallas     llevará    a     cabo  
 Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other              Adecuaciones/Modificaciones        Razonables      a    los  
 related  activities  to  ensure  any  and  all  residents  have    programas   y/u   otras   actividades   relacionadas   para  
 access to services and resources to ensure an equitable            asegurar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan  
                                                                    acceso  a  los  servicios  y  recursos  para  asegurar  una  
 and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  
                                                                    reunión  equitativa  e  inclusiva.  Cualquier  persona  que  
 service,   and/or   translation   to   fully   participate   in   the  requiera asistencia adicional, servicio y/o interpretación  
 meeting  should  notify  the  Office  of  Community  Care/         para poder participar de forma íntegra en la reunión debe  
 Senior  Services  by  calling  (214)  670-5227,  three  (3)        notificar a la Oficina de Cuidado Comunitario / Servicios  
 business  days  prior  to  the  scheduled  meeting. A  video       al Adulto Mayor llamando al (214) 670-5227, tres (3) días  
 stream of the meeting will be available twenty-four (24)           hábiles antes de la reunión programada. Una transmisión  
 hours         after       adjournment          by        visiting  en video de la reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles  
 https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                         luego    de    la   finalización   de   la   reunión    en  
 Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must           https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
 register  with  the  OCC  Senior  Services  by  calling  (214)     Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
 670-5227, twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date         uso de la palabra deben registrarse en OCC Servicios al  
 and time.                                                          Adulto  Mayor  llamando  al  (214)  670-5227, veinticuatro  
                                                                    (24) horas antes de la fecha y horario de la reunión. 

                                                       AGENDA  

    I.      Call to Order   - Chair J. Peter Kline 

    II.     Public Speakers for items V- VII (2 minutes per speaker) 

    III.    Approval  of  Minutes  for  the  February  24,  2025  Senior  Affairs  Commission  (“SAC”) 
            Meeting. 

    IV.     Chair’s Report 
            -    Reminder of Texas Open Meetings Act (“TOMA”) Requirements for Videoconference 
                 Meeting 

    V.      New Business:  Presentation: An Introduction and Overview from Senior Source 
            Caregiver Support Program. This presentation will explore the most pressing support 
            needs of caregivers in our community, new initiatives, cultural factors, and how effective 
            current systems are in addressing caregiver challenges. 
            Presenter: Kimberly Knight, MSSW, Director of Caregiver Support Program, Senior 
            Source 

    VI.     New Business: Presentation: An Introduction and Overview from Parkland Center for 
            Geriatric Care and Healthy Aging. The presentation will address key health challenges 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

           faced by older adults, including preventive measures, caregiver support needs, resource  
           gaps, and the impact of social factors on the healthcare system.  
            Presenter: Chiffon Kinney, RN, CGN, CM, BAAS, Senior Registered Nurse, Parkland  
            Health, Community Senior’s Care.  
                                                                                                                                                           
VII.       Staff Reports/Briefings: Presentation by the Office of Community Care and  
            Empowerment (OCCE) Senior Services. OCCE will provide a monthly update on  
           services provided, programs, and contracts targeting the older residents of Dallas.   
                   
           Presenters: Mirka Norman, Supervisor- Community Care Services and Tabitha  
           Taylor, Age-Friendly Officer, Office of Community Care and Empowerment  
        
VIII.       Reports of officers, boards, and standing committees: Senior Affairs Commissioners  
            District updates by each Commissioner as needed.   
        
             
IX.        Adjournment  

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

             

  

  

  

  

  

                                                                            2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

  

                              Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.06,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  a  concealed  handgun),  a  person  
licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  
una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  
una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley  
sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas  prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar  
un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                                      EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which  
     the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State  
     Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have  
     a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating  the  appointment,  employment,  evaluation,  reassignment,  duties,  discipline,  or  dismissal  of  a  public  
     officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee  
     who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect  
     that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic  
     development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt  
     . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology, network security  
     information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure,  
     or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                                         3  
  
