----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                                      Puf,fic Notice  

      NOV 26 PH 3:35                                                                                                2  4  1  1  0  5 

CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                              CITY SECRETARY 
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                POSTED  
                                                                                                                             DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                                          SKILLMAN CORRIDOR TIF DISTRICT  
                                                   BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
                                                        MEETING NOTICE  

                          Reinvestment Zone Number Fourteen, City of Dallas, Texas  
                               (Skillman Corridor Tax Increment Financing District)  

                                               December 6, 2024, at 9:00 a.m.  
                         Dallas City Hall, 6DN Conference Room and Videoconference  

                            Detailed information pertaining to this agenda may be found at  
                                      https://cityofdallas.legistar.com/Calendar.aspx  

                                                       Video Conference:  
          https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mcc1417effd6eec964baf060ccc57d5f6  

                                 Telephone: 469-210-7159 Access Code: 2499 550 5859  

      The City of Dallas will make reasonable modifications              La  Ciudad  de  Dallas  llevará  a  cabo  Modificaciones  
      to  programs and/or other related activities to ensure             Razonables  a  los  programas  u  otras  actividades  
      all  residents have access to services and resources               relacionadas para asegurar que todos y cada uno de  
      to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone               los   residentes   tengan   acceso   a   los   servicios   y  
      requiring  auxiliary  aid, service,  and/or  translation  to       recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  
      fully participate in the meeting should notify the Office          inclusiva. Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia  
      of Equity & Inclusion by calling (214) 670-7311 or TTY             adicional,  servicio   o  interpretación    para   poder  
      (800)  735-2989,  forty-eight  (48)  hours  prior  to  the         participar   de   forma   íntegra   en   la   reunión   debe  
                                                                         notificar a la Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando  
      scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will 
                                                                         al (214) 670-7311 o TTY (800) 735-2989, dos (2) días  
      be available two business days after adjournment by 
                                                                         hábiles   antes   de  la  reunión    programada.     Una  
      visiting                                                           transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible  
      https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.as                dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la reunión  
      px.                                                                en  https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live 
                                                                         .aspx.  
      Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  
      must register with the Office of Equity & Inclusion  by            Las  personas  y  las  partes  interesadas  que  deseen  
      calling (214) 670-7311, twenty-four (24) hours prior to            hacer  uso  de  la  palabra  deben  registrarse  en  la  
      the meeting date and time.                                         Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando al (214) 670- 
                                                                         7311, 24 horas antes del tiempo de la reunión.   

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

Skillman Corridor TIF District Board of Directors Meeting  
December 6, 2024  
  
                                                                       
                                                             AGENDA   
  

     1.   Call meeting to order and declare a quorum is established.   
          Susan Morgan, Chair  
  
     2.   Introduction of meeting participants.   
  

     3.   Public comments pertaining to agenda items 4 through 9.  
            
     4.   Nominate and elect a Vice Chair for the Board of Directors  
          Recommended Action: Nomination and election  
            
     5.   Review and consider the Meeting Record of the December  1, 2023 Skillman Corridor  
          TIF District Board Meeting.   
          Presenter: Dorcy Clark, Senior Manager, Office of Economic Development  
          Recommended Action: Approve  
            
     6.   Review and consider  the Skillman Corridor TIF District Annual Report for FY 2023- 
          2024.  
          Presenter: Dorcy Clark, Senior Manager, Office of Economic Development   
          Recommended Action: Approve and forward a recommendation of approval to City  
          Council  
            
     7.   Review the 2014 LBJ Skillman Planning Initiative Study.  
          Presenter: Patrick Blaydes, Chief Planner, Department of Planning and Development  
          Recommended Action: None, for informational purposes only   
            
     8.   Review the Skillman Corridor Streetscape Master Plan.  
          Presenter: Susan Morgan, Chair, Skillman Corridor TIF District Board of Directors  
          Recommended Action: None, for informational purposes only   
            
     9.   Review and consider  a quarterly  regular  meeting schedule for the Skillman Corridor  
          TIF District Board of Directors for calendar year 2025.  
          Presenter: Dorcy Clark, Senior Manager, Office of Economic Development   
          Recommended Action: Approve  
  
     10. Adjournment  
          Susan Morgan, Chair  

                                         

                                                                    2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

Skillman Corridor TIF District Board of Directors Meeting  
December 6, 2024  
  
                                                                           
                                                                            
                           Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by  license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
property with a concealed handgun."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código  penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
  
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código  penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  licencia  
con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  
gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la  
vista."   
  
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
other weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
"De  conformidad  con la  Sección  46.03, Código Penal (coloca  armas  prohibidas),  una  persona no  puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
   
  
  
                                                    EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
A closed executive session may be held if the  discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:   
           1.        seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
           matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
           Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  
           Govt. Code §551.071]   
           2.        deliberating the purchase,  exchange, lease,  or value  of real property if  deliberation  in  an open  
           meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  
           Govt. Code §551.072]   
           3.        deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an  
           open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
           4.        deliberating   the   appointment,   employment,   evaluation,   reassignment,   duties,   discipline,   or  
           dismissal of a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee  
           unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
           5.        deliberating  the  deployment,  or  specific  occasions  for  implementation,  of  security  personnel  or  
           devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
           6.        discussing  or deliberating  commercial  or financial information that the city  has  received from  a  
           business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the  
           city  is  conducting  economic  development  negotiations;  or  deliberating  the  offer  of  a  financial  or  other  
           incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]   
           7.        deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to  information resources technology,  
           network  security  information,  or  the  deployment  or  specific  occasions  for  implementations  of  security  
           personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   

                                                                         3  
  
