----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED                                                                                          Pub[k Notice  

2025 JAN 24  PM  3: 53                     COLLEGE ADVISORY COMMISSION                                   Ť ŧ Ţ 1 1 4 
                                                     REGULAR MEETING  
 CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                   CITY 
                                                                                                                       SECRETARY 
                                                January 27, 2025 at 6:00 P.M.                       POS  TED 
  DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                      DALLAS 
                                                                                                                            , TX 
                               Dallas City Hall, Council Chambers and Videoconference  
                                                   Video Conference Link :   
            https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m507e7cc818a9392046318c4e2d383ff4  
                               Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 2480 468 8696  

    The     City    of    Dallas     will    make      Reasonable      La     Ciudad      de    Dallas     llevará    a     cabo  
    Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other              Adecuaciones/Modificaciones       Razonables      a    los  
    related  activities  to  ensure  any  and  all  residents  have    programas   y/u   otras   actividades   relacionadas   para  
    access to services and resources to ensure an equitable            asegurar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan  
                                                                       acceso  a  los  servicios  y  recursos  para  asegurar  una  
    and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  
                                                                       reunión  equitativa  e  inclusiva.  Cualquier  persona  que  
    service,   and/or   translation   to   fully   participate   in   the  requiera asistencia adicional, servicio y/o interpretación  
    meeting       should       notify     Taylor      Moody       at   para poder participar de forma íntegra en la reunión debe  
    taylor.moody@dallas.gov, three (3) business days prior to          notificar  a  Taylor  Moody  at  taylor.moody@dallas.gov,  
    the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will          tres (3) días hábiles antes de la reunión programada. Una  
    be available twenty-four (24) hours after adjournment by           transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible dos  
    visiting  https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.               días  hábiles  luego  de  la  finalización  de  la  reunión  en  
                                                                       https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.  
    Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must  
    register with Taylor Moody at taylor.moody@dallas.gov,             Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
    twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.         uso de la palabra deben registrarse en Taylor Moody en  
                                                                       taylor.moody@dallas.gov,  veinticuatro  (24) horas antes  
                                                                       de la fecha y horario de la reunión.  

                                                           AGENDA  

       I.      Call to Order                                                                   Max Brenner, Chair  

       II.     Public Speakers 

               -   Sue Hounsel                    Senior Manager, Economic Development, City of Dallas  

       III.    Approval of Minutes from October 28, 2024 College Advisory Commission Regular 
               Meeting 

       IV.     New Business 

               -   Recruitment and Application Process for New Commissioners 

       V.      Adjournment 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                               Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                                       EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
     duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of  
     Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a  
     detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer  
     or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the  
     subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that  
     the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  conducting  economic  
     development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt .  
     Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  security  
     information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
     security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                                          2  
  
