----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

  RECEIVED  
                                                                                                   Pub[k Notice  
2025  MAR  -7 PM  3: 08 

 CITY SECRETARY                                                                                       2 5 0 2 7 0 
 DALLAS, TEXAS  
                                                                                                               CITY 
                                                                                                  POSTED             SECRETARY 
                                                                                                                  DALLAS 
                                                                                                                         , TX 
                                     DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION  
                                                   REGULAR MEETING  

                                          Tuesday, March 11, 2025 at 12:00 PM  
                               Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium and Videoconference  
                                          Video Conference Link: Click HERE  

           Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                               Access Code: 2496 150 9574  
                                            Meeting Password: mdEbGkkb833  

     The    City   of  Dallas   will  make     Reasonable      La     Ciudad      de     Dallas     llevará    a     cabo  
     Accommodations/Modifications           to    programs     Adecuaciones/Modificaciones        Razonables      a    los  
     and/or other related activities to ensure any and         programas  y/u  otras  actividades  relacionadas  para  
     all  residents   have    access    to   services   and    asegurar  que  todos  y  cada  uno  de  los  residentes  
     resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive      tengan   acceso   a   los   servicios   y   recursos   para  
     meeting.  Anyone requiring  auxiliary  aid,  service,     asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva. Cualquier  
     and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting    persona  que  requiera  asistencia  adicional,  servicio  
     should    notify  the   Housing     &  Neighborhood       y/o  interpretación  para  poder  participar  de  forma  
     Revitalization  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-      íntegra  en  la  reunión  debe  notificar  a  Housing  &  
     3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the  Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al  
     scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting          (214)  670-3677,  tres  (3)  días  hábiles  antes  de  la 
     will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after  reunión programada. Una transmisión en video de la 
     adjournment                   by                visiting  reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego de la 
     https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                finalización        de        la        reunión         en 
                                                               https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 
     Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
     must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood       Las  personas  y  las  partes  interesadas  que  deseen  
     Revitalization Department call (214) 670-3677 or          hacer uso de la palabra deben registrarse en Housing  
     email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four        & Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando  
     (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.            al (214) 670-3677, veinticuatro (24) horas antes de la  
                                                               fecha y horario de la reunión.  

              I.       Call to Order – Marcy Helfand, President 

              II.      Roll Call – Jaclyn Schroeder, Housing Project Manager 

              III.     Public Comments on items IV – XI 

              IV.     Approval of the minutes for the February 11, 2025 City of Dallas Housing 
                       Finance  Corporation  (“DHFC”  or  the  “Corporation”)  Meeting  –  Marcy 
                       Helfand, President 

              V.       Executive  Session  pursuant  to  Tex.  Govt.  Code  §551.074,  Personnel 
                       matters, to deliberate a discretionary annual bonus for calendar year 2024 for 
                      the General Manager – Marcy Helfand, President 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

VI.     Action  Item:  Consider  and  take  action  with  respect  to  a  discretionary  
        annual  bonus  for  calendar  year 2024  for  the  General  Manager  –  Marcy  
        Helfand, President  

VII.    Action  Item:  Resolution  for  Oak  &  Ellum,  a  multifamily  residential  
        development  located  at  2627  Live  Oak  Street,  Dallas,  Dallas  County,  
        Texas 75204 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager; Ryan Bowen, Corporation  
        Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director,  
        Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        Consider and adopt partnership resolutions approving the form and substance  
        of and authorizing the execution and delivery of documents and instruments  
        necessary  to  carry  out  the  financing  and  operation  of  Oak  &  Ellum  (the  
        “Development”) and containing other provisions relating to such Development,  
        including resolutions approving the ground lease between Oak & Ellum Holdco  
        LP  (the  “Borrower”) and  DHFC  Oak  &  Ellum  Landowner, LLC  (the  “Ground  
        Lessor”), approving the regulatory agreement with respect to the Development,  
        authorizing financing for the Development to include: (i) an equity investment  
        by Oak & Ellum Partners JV LLC to the Borrower, (ii) loan financing from Walker  
        & Dunlop, LLC to the Borrower and assigned to Fannie Mae, (iii) the admission  
        of DHFC Oak & Ellum GP, LLC (the “General Partner”) to the Borrower, and  
        (iv) authorizing and ratifying actions and the execution of documents by the  
        Corporation’s   President,   other   officers,   General   Manager   and   Assistant  
        General Manager in connection with the above-referenced transactions.  

VIII.   Action Item:   Resolution for Mountain Creek at Clark Road single family  
        development to be located near the intersection of Clark Road and West  
        Camp Wisdom Road, Dallas, Dallas County, Texas 75236 – Aaron Eaquinto,  
         General Manager; Ryan Bowen, Corporation Counsel, Chapman and Cutler  
        LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        a.       Consider   and   adopt   a   resolution   approving   a   Memorandum   of  
                 Understanding  with  Builders  of  Hope  CDC  or  a  designated  affiliate  
                 outlining  the  terms  of  a  proposed  loan  from  the  Corporation  in  the  
                 approximate amount of $2,000,000 to partially finance the construction  
                 and development of single family homes.  

IX.     Action Item:  Discussion and approval of the Corporation’s 2025 Budget  
        – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  

X.      Review  and  discussion  of  DHFC  Treasurer’s  report  for  the  one-month  
        period ending on January 31, 2025 – Aaron Eaquinto , General Manager  

XI.     Review and discussion of the Corporation’s pipeline report as of March  
        11, 2025 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  

XII.    Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President  

                                           

                                                 2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section  46.03,  Penal  Code (places  weapons prohibited), a person may not  carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  Corporation  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               3  
  
