----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                 Puf,fic Notice  
        16 AH                                                                                   2  4  0  9  6  0 
                11:51 
CITY SECRETARY                                                                                         CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                          POSTED  
DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                            DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                                                    AGENDA  

                                          BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT  
                                               SPECIAL MEETING  

                                        TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 2024  

                                             9:00 A.M. – 4:00 P.M.  
                         Dallas City Hall, Council Chambers and Videoconference  

 The Board of Adjustment Public Hearing will be held by videoconference and in Council Chambers at City  
  Hall. Individuals who wish to speak in accordance with the Board of Adjustment Rules of Procedure by  
 joining the meeting virtually, must register online at https://form.jotform.com/232954755582064  or  
  contact the Development Services Department at 214-670-4 127 by the close of business Monday,  
  October 28, 2023. All virtual speakers will be required to show their video in order to address the board.  
  Public Affairs and Outreach will also stream the public hearing on Spectrum Cable Channel 96 or 99; and  
  bit.ly/cityofdallastv or YouTube.com/CityofDallasCityHall, and the WebEx link: https://bit.ly/boa1029SM   

                                                    AGENDA  

      I.     Coffee and Registration (8:30 a.m.) 

      II.    Call to Order and Quorum established (9:00 a.m.)                 David A. Neumann, Chairman  

      III.   Introductions (Members and Alternates) 

      IV.    Public Testimony 

     V.      Speakers 
         ➢   Robin Bentley, Interim Assistant City Manager 
         ➢   Emily Liu, Director, Planning & Development Department 

     VI.     Chairman’s Report 

     VII.    Board Training 

                 •   Ethics and Conflict of Interests - Chief of Integrity Officer Baron Eliason 

                 •   Planning & Development Department – Dr. Kameka Miller-Hoskins 

                         o   BOA team introductions 

                         o   Parking, Block face continuity 

                 •   City Attorney’s Office – Theresa Carlyle, Matt Sapp, Daniel Moore 

                         o   CAO team introductions 

                         o   City Code Authority, Roles of Board, Variances, Financial cost of compliance 

                             conditions for Variance, Special Exceptions, Appeals of Administrative 

                             Decisions 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

  

                                 o    Texas Case Law: Vanesko, Texas Card House, others  

                                 o    Texas Open Meetings Act   

     VII I.        Board Member Response, Feedback, Lunch  
       IX.       Action Items   
                                 o    Review and approval of Meeting Minutes September 17, 2024  
                                 o    Review/Adopt 2025 meeting Calendar.  
                                 o    Review/Adopt Annual Report to City Council  
                                      ❖   2023-2024 Accomplishments  
                                      ❖   2024-2025 Goals and Objectives  
                                      ❖   Board Recommendations  
                                  o    Amendments to Rules of Procedure   
                                         
       X.        Adjournment.  

                                                                              

                                                                              

                                                                              

                                                                              

  

                                                                              

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              

                                                                             

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

  

                                                                               
                    Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed under  
Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a concealed  
handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistol  
oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun  
that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistola  
a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other weapon  
into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un arma  
de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                                         EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:   

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the duty  
     of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas  
      clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating  the  purchase,  exchange,  lease,  or  value  of  real  property  if  deliberation  in  an  open  meeting  would  have  a  
     detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would have  
     a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer or  
     employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the subject  
     of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that the city  
     seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  conducting  economic  development  
      negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

 deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology, network security information, or  
  the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex  
                                                               Govt. Code §551.089]  
                                                                               

                                                                              
