----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

  RECEIVED                                                                                        Puf,fic Notice  
                                                                                                        2  4  0  9  3  2 
          -4 PH 3:44                                           D  
                                                                                                                CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                  POSTED  
CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                    DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
 DALLAS, TEXAS  

                                  DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION  
                                                 REGULAR MEETING  

                                       Tuesday, October 8, 2024 at 11:30 AM  
                            Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium and Videoconference  
                                        Video Conference Link: Click HERE  

        Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                             Access Code: 2492 126 7570  

  The    City   of  Dallas    will  make     Reasonable      La     Ciudad       de     Dallas     llevará     a     cabo  
  Accommodations/Modifications           to    programs      Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas  
  and/or other related activities to ensure any and          y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos  
  all  residents    have    access    to  services    and    y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios  
                                                             y recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
  resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  
                                                             Cualquier   persona   que   requiera   asistencia   adicional,  
  meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary  aid, service,         servicio y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma  
  and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting     íntegra en la reunión debe notificar a Housing & Community  
  should    notify    the   Housing      &   Community       Development Department llamando al (214) 670-3677, tres  
  Development  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-          (3)  días  hábiles  antes  de  la  reunión  programada.  Una 
  3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the   transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible dos 
  scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting           días  hábiles  luego  de  la  finalización  de  la  reunión  en 
  will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after  https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 
  adjournment                   by                 visiting  Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
  https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                 uso   de   la   palabra   deben   registrarse   en   Housing   &  
                                                             Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
  Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                             670-3677,  veinticuatro  (24)  horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y 
  must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood        horario de la reunión. 
  Revitalization  Department  call  (214)  670-3677or  
  email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four  
  (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time. 

           I.       Call to Order – Marcy Helfand, President 

           II.      Roll Call – Jaclyn Schroeder, Housing Project Manager 

           III.     Public Comments on items IV – XVI 

           IV.      Approval  of  the  minutes  for  the  September  10,  2024  City  of  Dallas 
                    Housing Finance Corporation (“DHFC” or the  “Corporation”) Meeting – 
                    Marcy Helfand, President 

           V.       Action  Item:  Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring 
                    intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed 
                    $50,000,000, for a loan to Palladium Buckner Station, Ltd. to provide financing 
                    for a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and moderate 
                    income to be known as “Palladium Buckner Station” and to be located at 8008 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

         Elam Road, Dallas, Texas 75217; authorizing the filing of an application for  
         allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review Board; and  
         containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  Manager,  
         George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and Tim Nelson, Managing  
         Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
           
VI.      Action  Item :    Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $40,000,000, for a loan to AMTEX CF Hawn Fund, LP to provide financing for  
         a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and moderate  
         income to be known as “CF Hawn Apartments” and to be located at 10600 CF  
         Hawn Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75217; authorizing the filing of an application for  
         allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review Board; and  
         containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  Manager,  
         George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and Tim Nelson, Managing  
         Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

VII.     Action  Item:  Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $35,000,000, for a loan to LDG The Legacy on Kiest, LP to provide financing  
         for a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and moderate  
         income  to  be  known  as  “The  Legacy  on  Kiest”  and  to  be  located  at  2621  
         Southerland Ave., Dallas, Texas 75203; authorizing the filing of an application  
         for allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review Board; and  
         containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  Manager,  
         George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and Tim Nelson, Managing  
         Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
           
VIII.    Action  Item:    Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $35,000,000,  for  a  loan  to  LDG  The  Legacy  on  Belt  Line,  LP  to  provide  
         financing for a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and  
         moderate income to be known as “The Legacy on Belt Line” and to be located  
         at 1275 S. Belt Line Road, Dallas, Texas 75253; authorizing the filing of an  
         application for allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review  
         Board;  and  containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  
         Manager, George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and Tim Nelson,  
         Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
           
IX.      Action  Item:    Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $40,000,000, for a loan to LDG The Heights at Country Creek, LP to provide  
         financing for a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and  
         moderate income to be known as “The Heights at Country Creek” and to be  
         located at the Northwest Corner of E. Kiest Blvd. and Southerland Avenue,  
         Dallas, Texas 75216; authorizing the filing of an application for allocation of  
         private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review Board; and containing other  

                                                   2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

         related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  Manager,  George  Rodriguez,  
         Bond  Counsel,  Bracewell  LLP  and  Tim  Nelson,  Managing  Director,  Hilltop  
         Securities Inc.  
           
X.       Action  Item:    Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $50,000,000, for a loan to LDG The Gateway at Trinity Forest, LP to provide  
         financing for a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and  
         moderate income to be known as “The Gateway at Trinity Forest” and to be  
         located at 2070 Dowdy Ferry Road, Dallas, Texas 75217; authorizing the filing  
         of an application for allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond  
         Review  Board;  and  containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  
         General Manager, George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and Tim  
         Nelson, Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
           
XI.      Action  Item :  Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $50,000,000, for a loan to SL Wheatland Partners, LP to provide financing for  
         a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and moderate  
         income to be known as “The Enclave on Wheatland” and to be located at 2100  
         E.   Wheatland   Road,   Dallas,   Texas   75241;   authorizing   the   filing   of   an  
         application for allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review  
         Board;  and  containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  
         Manager, George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and Tim Nelson,  
         Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
XII.     Action  Item:    Consider  and  Adopt  an  Inducement  Resolution  declaring  
         intent  to  issue  bonds,  in  an  aggregate  principal  amount  not  to  exceed  
         $32,000,000, for a loan to 13731 Goldmark Drive (TX) Owner LP to provide  
         financing for a multifamily residential rental development for persons of low and  
         moderate income to be known as “Tuscany at Goldmark” and to be located at  
         13731  Goldmark  Drive,  Dallas,  Texas  75250;  authorizing  the  filing  of  an  
         application for allocation of private activity bonds with the Texas Bond Review  
         Board;  and  containing  other  related  provisions  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General  
         Manager, George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP and  Tim Nelson,  
         Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
           
XIII.    Action   Item :   Resolution   for   Waterford   at   Goldmark,   a   multifamily  
         residential development located at 13695 Goldmark Drive in  the City of  
         Dallas,  Dallas  County, Texas  75240  –  Aaron  Eaquinto, General  Manager;  
         George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP; Ryan Bowen, Corporation  
         Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Managing Director, Hilltop  
         Securities Inc.  

         a.     Consider      and    adopt     a   resolution     approving      a   Memorandum           of  
         Understanding  with  13695  Goldmark  Drive  (TX)  Developer  LLC  for  the  
         financing, acquisition and rehabilitation of Waterford at Goldmark, a multifamily  
         residential development;  

                                                   3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

        b.  Consider and adopt a resolution approving the transfer and assignment of  
         DHFC Waterford at Goldmark GP, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the  
        “Company”), to the Corporation; authorizing the designation of the Corporation  
        as the Sole Member of the Company; and approving the form and substance  
        of  an  amended  and  restated  limited  liability  company  agreement  and  the  
        execution thereof;  

        c.  Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited liability  
        company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the Texas Secretary  
        of  State  to  be  named  DHFC  Waterford  at  Goldmark  Developer,  LLC  and  
        approving the form of a limited liability company agreement; and  

        d.  Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited liability  
        company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the Texas Secretary  
        of  State  to  be  named  DHFC  Waterford  at  Goldmark  Landowner,  LLC  and  
        approving the form of a limited liability company agreement.  

XIV.    Action  Item :    Consider  and  Adopt  a  Resolution  approving  the  form  and  
        substance  of  and  authorizing  the  execution  and  delivery  of  documents  and  
        instruments necessary for TX Westmoreland 2020, LTD. (the “Borrower”) to  
        obtain (i) permanent phase loan financing and (ii) supplemental loan financing  
        to  carry  out  the  refinancing  and  operation  of  Westmoreland  Station,  a  
        multifamily residential development located at 6600 S. Westmoreland Road,  
         Dallas,  Texas  75237;  and  containing  other  related  provisions    –  Aaron  
        Eaquinto, General Manager, George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP  
        and Tim Nelson, Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  
XV.      Review and discussion of DHFC Treasurer’s report for the eight-month  
        period ending on August 31, 2024 – Aaron Eaquinto ,  General Manager  

XVI.     Review and discussion of the Corporation’s pipeline report as of  
        October 1, 2024 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  

XVII.   Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President                                              

                                                 4  
  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal  (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               5  
  
