----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                                     Puf,fic Notice  

       NOV      15 PH 12:36                                                                                        2  4  1  0  6  7 

CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                              CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                            POSTED  
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                              DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                                          Arts and Culture Advisory Commission  
                                                       REGULAR MEETING  

                                        Thursday, November 21, 2024, at 4:30 P. M.  
                 Dallas City Hall, 6FN - Park and Recreation Board Room and Videoconference  
                                                        1500 Marilla Street  
                                                     Video Conference Link:  
         https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m0cdd11a22b5d0921b5123faf 
                                                              aa6bd2fc   

                               Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 Access Code: 2488 707 9028  

          The    City    of   Dallas    will   make     Reasonable      La    Ciudad      de    Dallas    llevará   a    cabo  
          Accommodations/Modifications  to  programs  and/or            Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los  
          other related activities to ensure any and all residents      programas  y/u  otras  actividades  relacionadas  
          have access to services and resources to ensure an            para  asegurar  que  todos  y  cada  uno  de  los  
          equitable  and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring        residentes   tengan   acceso   a   los   servicios   y  
          auxiliary   aid,   service,   and/or   translation   to   fully  recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e  
          participate in the meeting should notify the Office of        inclusiva.   Cualquier     persona    que    requiera  
          Arts and Culture by calling (214) 670-3687 extension          asistencia  adicional,  servicio  y/o  interpretación  
          4,  three  (3)  business  days  prior  to  the  scheduled     para  poder  participar  de  forma  íntegra  en  la  
          meeting.  A  video  stream  of  the  meeting  will  be        reunión  debe  notificar  a  la  Oficina  de  Arte  y  
          available twenty-four (24) hours after adjournment by         Cultura llamando al (214) 670-3687 extensión 4,  
          visiting https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.           tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión  
                                                                        programada.  Una  transmisión  en  video  de  la  
          Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  
                                                                        reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego  
          must  register  with  the  Office  of  Arts  and  Culture  at  
                                                                        de     la   finalización    de    la    reunión     en  
          DallasCulture.org/publicspeakers  or  call  (214)  670- 
                                                                        https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
          3687 extension 4 by 5pm the day before the meeting.  
                                                                        Las   personas   y   las   partes   interesadas   que  
                                                                        deseen     hacer    uso    de   la  palabra    deben  
                                                                        registrarse  en  la  Oficina de  Artes  y  Cultura  en  
                                                                        DallasCulture.org/publicspeakers  o llamando al  
                                                                        (214) 670-3687 extensión 4, antes de las 5:00 p. 
                                                                        m. del día anterior a la reunión. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                       AGENDA  
Call to Order [David Small, Chair]  
  
Public Speakers (see note below)  
  
VOTING AGENDA ITEMS  
  
1.  Approval of the  October 17,  2024,  Arts and Culture Advisory Commission meeting  
     minutes.  
       
2.   Recommendation to initiate the planning process for a public art installation to be  
     located at the Dallas Police Academy in Council District 3 and funded using 2024 Bond  
     Funds.  
       
3.   Recommendation(s) for Quality of Life, Arts and Culture Committee regarding the FY  
     2024-25  Cultural Organizations Program funding allocation  for Dallas Black Dance  
     Theatre, Incorporated pursuant to remand by City Council on October 23, 2024.  
       
BRIEFINGS  
            
A.  Chair’s Report – Welcome address to Commission [David Small, Chair]  
       
B.  Briefing  on  City-owned  non-commercial  Radio  Station:  WRR  Radio/KERA  [Jesse  
     Geiger, WRR Traffic & Business Analyst; Nico Leone, KERA Chief Executive Officer]  
       
C.  Plans  for  Oak  Cliff  Cultural  District  designation  [Commissioner  Augustine  Jalomo,  
     District 1]  
       
D.  Updates on the status of the Arts and Culture Advisory Commission  Annual Report  
     [Commissioner Jim Nugent, Annual Report Committee Chair]  
       
E.  Cultural Planning & Equity Updates  [Commissioner Vicki Meek, Cultural Planning &  
     Equity Committee Chair]  
       
F.  Director’s Update –  OAC Updates and Announcements  [Martine Philippe, Director,  
     Office of Arts and Culture]  
       
   
ADJOURNMENT  
  
Upcoming Meetings and Events (Committee Dates Subject to Change)  
Allocations Committee, Committee Chair Mickie Bragalone – (December 5, 2024)   
Annual Reports Committee, Committee Chair Jim Nugent – (December 11, 2024)  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

Public Art Committee, Committee Chair Krista Weinstein – (January 7, 2025)   
Arts and Culture Advisory Commission, Chair David Small – (January 16, 2025)  
Cultural Plan & Equity Committee, Chair Vicki Meek – (January 30, 2025)  
  
NOTE: The Arts and Culture Advisory Commission welcomes public speakers who wish to  
comment on matters related to agenda items or other matters concerning the Commission.  
Public speakers must register with the Office of Arts and Culture by 5 p.m., the day prior to the  
scheduled meeting. Register online at https://forms.office.com/g/JrV9FTdJqv, or call (469) 271- 
4901 . Speakers generally have a maximum of 3 minutes to speak, but the allotted speaking  
time may be limited if there are many registered speakers.  
  
                                          

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                              EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

         A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:   

         
1.     seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
       duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of  
       Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.   [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]   
                 
2.     deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a  
       detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   
                 
3.     deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
       have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
                 
4.     deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer or  
       employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the  
       subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
                 
5.     deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt. Code  
       §551.076]   
                 
6.     discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that the  
       city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic development  
       negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]   
                 
7.     deliberating security assessments or deployments relating                              to information resources technology, network security  
       information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
       security devices.  [Tex. Govt. Code §551.089]   
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                        “HANDGUN PROHIBITION NOTICE FOR MEETING OF GOVERNMENT ENTITIES”   
                    
              "Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
              under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
              concealed handgun."      
                    
                
              “De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
              pistola oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
              licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."      
                    
              "Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
              licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
              with a handgun that is carried openly."      
                    
              "De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
              pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
              licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."        

         
