----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

               RECEIVED                                                    DALLAS CITY COUNCIL  
                                                                                      WORK SESSION  
               2024 AUG   -5  PH 4: 44                                                Friday, August 9, 2024  
                                                                                     8:30 AM Breakfast Start  
                         .,                                                                 DFW Grand Hyatt 
              CIT Y  e;:··1  nrT"  RY 1  ...,,c. vi\C.  Ar  
               DALLAS. TEXAS                                             2337 South International Parkway,  
                                                                                         Dallas, Texas 75261   
                                                                                       South America Room  

                                                                                        Puf,fic Notice  

Friday, August 9, 2024 – Page One                                                            2  4  0  7  2  7 

9:00 a.m.        Call To Order                                                                      CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                       POSTED  
                                                                                                     DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                 Welcome and Introduction  

                 Remarks by Mayor Pro Tem Atkins and Introduction of Dawn F. Landry &  
                 Mark S. Mitchell.  

                 Program Opening / Mayor & Council Check-Ins  
                 (Perception vs. Reality and District Recent Wins).  

                 Program Theme:  
                     AIMing for Progress with Accountability, Intentionality, Measurability of:  
                     -   Council Alignment, Engagement, & Empowerment Framework. 
                     -   Prioritization of Near-Term Projects with Defined Success Metrics. 
                     -   Future Long-Term Visioning with Defined Success Metrics. 
                     -   BONUS: Advancement of Communication, Relationships, Trust. 

                 Program Includes:  
                 Workshop Input for: Full Group Participation in Shared Common Ground,  
                 Prioritization of Projects, and North Star Vision, Leveraging Our  
                 Celebration of Past Successes to Define a Solutions-Based Decision  
                 Framework.  

                Identifying Common Ground / Introduction of Rules of Engagement  

                 Summary of Council Member One-on-One Interviews by Dawn F. Landry.  

                 Optimal Rules of Engagement & The 5 C’s by Mark S. Mitchell.  

                 With Group Input: Begin the Parking Lot for Rules of Engagement Ideas to  
                 AIM for Progress Today, and for the Future.  

                 Define Expectations and Consequences for Status Quo Remaining.  

NOTE: Times are approximate, depending upon the level of participation and depth/breadth of conversations. The  
moderator will monitor our time to ensure that we maximize the goals of the event within the schedule. 

                                                                                    2024 City Council Work Session   
                                                                                                     Page |  1   

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                               DALLAS CITY COUNCIL  
                                                                                          WORK SESSION  
                                                                                           Friday, August 9, 2024  

Friday, August 9, 2024 – (Continued Page Two)  

           Morning Break ( Includes: Stretch & Flex).  

INPUT: YOUR PARTICIPATION MATTERS  
        Celebrating Our Win – Dissecting the Deal to Create Our Decision  
                 Framework.  

                 Workshop Input to include:  
                     •   Definition of Research / Input Collection 
                     •   Components of the Win 
                     •   Components of the Challenges 
                     •   Identification of Compromises Made and Bridges Crossed 
                     •   Lessons Learned 

           Working Lunch with  “This Makes Me Most Excited About the Future of the  
                 City of Dallas and My Role &  Contributions” Engagement.  

APPLICATION: TACTICAL SOLUTIONS  
        Finish: Workshop Input for: Dissecting the Deal to Create Our Solutions- 
                 Based Decision Framework.  

                 Workshop Application for: Building on Near-Term Priorities with Defined  
                 Solutions-Based Decision Framework and Success Metrics.  

                 Workshop Input to include:  
                     •   Research / Input Collection 
                     •   Possible Components of the Win 
                     •   Challenges Predicted 
                     •   Possible Bridges to Cross / How? 
                     •   Next Steps / Measurement of Success / Ownership of Deadlines 

           Afternoon Mini-Break (Includes: Stretch & Flex).  

                                                                                                              
                                                                                     2024 City Council Work Session   
                                                                                                      Page | 2  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                           DALLAS CITY COUNCIL  
                                                                                       WORK SESSION  
                                                                                       Friday, August 9, 2024  

Friday, August 9, 2024 – (Continued Page Three)  

                  Workshop Application of the Framework for: Our Defined North Star. (With  
                  “What Do We Want Our Group to be Known For” Engagement.)  

                  Workshop Application of the Framework for: Longer-Term   
                  Priorities for the City Based Upon the Identified North Star.  

                  Workshop Input: Long-Term Visioning Exercise.  

                  Afternoon Mini-Break ( Includes: Stretch & Flex).  

                  Investing in Us –  Customizing Our Communication Styles Exercise.  
                  The universal common denominator in all challenging situations which  
                  determines success or failure of our relationships is effective  
                  communications, or sometimes a lack thereof.   

                  In this module of the session, Bestselling Author, Dawn F. Landry  
                  presents a fictional story and then asks participants which character that  
                  they identify with most. In groups with interactivity and some humor,  
                  participants then explore how each character advances their relationships  
                  with their own unique communication styles.  

                 Afternoon Refreshments Break (Includes: Stretch & Flex).  

ACTIVATION: AIMED FOR OUR SUCCESS  
                  Final AIMing for Our Success with Accountability: Finalize Our Rules of  
                  Engagement Output for the Future. Includes Accountability, Intentionality,  
                  Measurability and Empowerment of Our Decisions.  

The above schedule represents an estimate of the order for the indicated items and is subject to change at any time.  

                                                                                                                    
                                                                                         2024 City Council Work Session   
                                                                                                           Page | 3  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

 A  closed executive session may  be  held if  the  discussion of  any of  the  above agenda items concerns one of  
  the following:  

      1.   seeking the advice of  its attorney about  pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter 
           in which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  Professional 
           Conduct of the State  Bar of Texas  clearly  conflicts  with  the  Texas  Open  Meetings  Act.   [Tex.  Govt. 
           Code 
                 a.   §551.071] 

      2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an  open meeting 
           would  have a  detrimental effect on the position of the city  in negotiations with a third person.  [Tex. Govt. 
           Code §551.072] 

      3.   deliberating a  negotiated contract for a prospective gift  or  donation  to the  city  if deliberation in an open 
           meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. 
           Govt. Code §551.073] 

     4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline,  or  dismissal  of a 
           public officer  or employee;  or  to hear a  complaint or charge against an officer  or employee unless the 
           officer  or employee who  is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing.  [Tex. Govt. 
           Code 
                 a.   §551.074] 

      5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. 
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076] 

      6.   discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has received  from  a 
           business  prospect  that  the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or expand in or near the city and with which 
           the city is conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other 
           incentive to a business prospect.  [Tex Govt. Code §551.087] 

      7.   deliberating security assessments or deployments  relating  to information resources technology, network 
           security information, or the deployment or specific occasions  for  implementations  of  security  personnel, 
           critical  infrastructure,  or security devices.  [Tex. Govt. Code §551.089] 

                            Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistola  
oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistola  
a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                 2024 City Council Work Session   
                                                                                                                                        Page | 4  
