----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

      RECEIVED                                                                                 PuE[ic Notice  
zozi. HAR -7   PM 4: 57                                                                             2  4   0  2  5   1 

                                                                                                           CITY.SECRETARY 
   CITY   SECRETARY                                                                          POSTED  
     DALLAS. TEXAS                                                                                          DALLAS, TX  

                                         VETERAN’S AFFAIRS COMMISSION   
                                                   REGULAR MEETING   

                                                               th 
                                        Thursday March 14  , 2024 at 12:00 P.M   
                       Dallas City Hall, 6ES Council Briefing Room and Videoconference  
                                                    Video Conference:  
              https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m8d71507d93bd4d710b273748eca260f8  
                             Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 Access Code: 2481 336 9482  

         The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to programs and/or other related activities to  
         ensure any and all  residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and inclusive  
         meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should  
         notify the Office of Equity and Inclusion- Welcoming Communities and Immigrant Affairs Division by calling  
         469-873-9710 or TTY (800) 735-2989, three business days prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream 
         of   the   meeting    will   be   available    two   business    days    after   adjournment     by   visiting 
         https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx. 
         La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo "Adaptaciones Razonables" a  los programas y/u otras actividades 
         relacionadas  para  garantizar  que  todos  y  cada  uno  de  los  residentes  tengan  acceso  a  los  servicios  y 
         recursos para garantizar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva. Cualquier persona que necesite ayuda auxiliar, 
         servicio y/o traducción para participar de forma plena en la reunión, debe notificar al Oficina de Equidad e 
         Inclusion- División de Comunidades Acogedoras y Asuntos de Inmigrantes al 469-873-9710 o TTY (800) 
         735-2989, tres días hábiles antes de la reunión programada. Una transmisión de video de la reunión estará 
         disponible    dos     días    hábiles     luego    del    levantamiento      de    la    reunión    visitando 
         https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx. 
         Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must register with the Office of Equity and Inclusion – 
         Welcoming Communities and Immigrant Affairs Division by calling 469-873-9710 twenty – four (24) hours 
         prior to the meeting date and time. 

                                                          AGENDA  

        I.   Call to Order & Pledge of Allegiance 

       II.   Public Comments on Items III – VI 

      III.   Vote to Approve the February 8th, 2024, Meeting Minutes 

      IV.    Discussion on Veteran Needs Assessment 
             WCIA Officer Christina da Silva will present to the commissioners on a new initiative, 
             the City of Dallas’ Veteran Needs Assessment. Afterwards, she will answer questions. 

      V.     Discussion on the creation of a Human Rights Commission 
             WCIA Officer Christina da Silva, Human Rights Officer Christopher Graves, and ADA 
             Compliance Manager Gary Copeland will present to the commissioners on the Human 
             Rights Commission. Afterwards, they will answer questions. 

      VI.    Discussion on Increasing Awareness of Veteran Serving Organizations 
             WCIA Officer Christina da Silva will present to the commissioners on two new projects 
             to increase awareness of veteran serving organizations, followed up with a discussion 
             with the commissioners. 
              1. Veteran Serving Organizations Document 
             2. Findhelp Portal 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

        
 VII.      Announcements   
           The April 11 meeting will have to be cancelled due to the following reasons:  
           1.  The City of Dallas is co-hosting the Welcoming America Conference. All the WCIA  
                staff will be fully engaged with the conference from April 10-12.  
           2.   City Hall does not have another available time for the VAC to reschedule.  
        
VIII.      Adjournment   
        
                          Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
      "Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
      person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
      not enter this property with a concealed handgun."   
      "De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
      licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
      código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
      con una pistola oculta."   
      "Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
      handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
      licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
      "De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
      licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
      código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
      con una pistola a la vista."   
      "Pursuant to Section  46.03,  Penal  Code (places  weapons prohibited), a person may not  carry a  
      firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
      "De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
      puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
        
                                                 EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
      A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
      of the following:   
      1.        seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
      matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
      Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.071]   
      2.        deliberating the purchase,  exchange, lease,  or value  of real property if  deliberation  in  an open  
      meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.072]   
      3.        deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an  
      open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
      [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
      4.        deliberating   the   appointment,   employment,   evaluation,   reassignment,   duties,   discipline,   or  
      dismissal of a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee  
      unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing.  
      [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
      5.        deliberating  the  deployment,  or  specific  occasions  for  implementation,  of  security  personnel  or  
      devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
      6.        discussing  or deliberating  commercial  or financial information that the city  has  received from  a  
      business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the  
      city  is  conducting  economic  development  negotiations;  or  deliberating  the  offer  of  a  financial  or  other  
      incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]   
      7.        deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology,  
      network  security  information,  or  the  deployment  or  specific  occasions  for  implementations  of  security  
      personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   

        
