----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                                  Puf,fic Notice  

          -13 PH 2: 28                                                                                          2  4  0  8  6  2 

CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                          CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                          POSTED  
 DALLAS, TEXA   S                                                                                                        DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                                                 ANIMAL ADVISORY COMMISSION  
                                              RESCHEDULED QUARTERLY MEETING  

                                                  September 19, 2024 at 9 :00 A.M.  
                                            Dallas City Hall, Council Briefing Room 6ES  

                                                          Video Conference:  
             https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mcbf35b6ebb05e64d5eb7b166406cb6de  
                      Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 2483 112 7990, Event Password: Sept24  

       The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to programs and/or other related activities to ensure  
       any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone  
       requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify Dallas Animal  
       Services by calling (214) 670-8898 or TTY (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the start of the scheduled  
       meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available two business days after adjournment by visiting  
       https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  

       La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo "Adaptaciones Razonables" a los programas y/u otras actividades relacionadas  
       para garantizar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios y recursos para garantizar  
       una reunión equitativa e inclusiva. Cualquier persona que necesite ayuda auxiliar, servicio y/o traducción para  
       participar de forma plena en la reunión, debe notificar al Departamento llamando al (214) 670-8898 o TTY (800)  
       735-2989, cuarenta y ocho (48) horas antes de la reunión programada. Una transmisión de video de la reunión 
       estará disponible dos días hábiles luego del levantamiento de la reunión visitando 
       https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx. 

       Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak during the meeting must register with Dallas Animal  
       Services at https://forms.office.com/g/kdc3r8XJZJ or call (214) 670-8898, up to forty-eight (48) hours prior to  
       the start of the scheduled meeting date and time when sign ups close.    

                                                               AGENDA  

            I.      Call to Order                                                                              Shelby Bobosky,  
                                                                                                                           Chair  

            II.     Public Speakers                                                                            Shelby Bobosky,  
                                                                                                                           Chair  

            III.    Approval of Minutes                                                                        Shelby Bobosky,  
                    -    April  18, 2024                                                                                   Chair  

            IV.     DAS Dashboard Presentation and Discussion                                  Nicola Talley and Joseph Kheir,  
                                                                               Data Analytics and Business Intelligence (DBI)  

           V.       Director’s Presentation and Discussion                                                         Paul Ramon,  
                                                                                            Director (I), Dallas Animal Services  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

      VI.         City Attorney Advisement                                                                                                        Matthew Sapp,    
                  -     Charter Election Political Activities Memorandum                                                                 City Attorney’s Office  
                  -     Illegal Animal Vending vs. SEC. 7-4.5. Sale of Dogs and Cats   
        
      VII.        Adjournment                                                                                                                  Shelby Bobosky,   
                                                                                                                                                                Chair  
        
                                                                                       

                                         Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.06,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  a  concealed  handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  
Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistol oculta),  
una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas),  no  
puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person licensed under  
Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried  
openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistola a la vista),  
una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no  
puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other weapon into any  
open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un arma de fuego u  
otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                                                 EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  

1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the duty of the  
      attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with  
      the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a detrimental effect  
      on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would have a detrimental  
      effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer or employee; or  
      to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or  
      hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.    discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that the city seeks to  
      have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating  
      the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.    deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology, network security information,  or the  
      deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code  
      §551.089]  

                                                                                    2  
  
