----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                       D                                    Puf,fic Notice  

     NOV -8 PH 2:00                                                                                       2  4  1  0  4  0 

CITY SECRETARY                     DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION                                             CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                    POSTED  
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                    REGULAR MEETING                                                 DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                                      Tuesday, November 12, 2024 at 12:00 PM  
                             Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium and Videoconference  
                                         Video Conference Link: Click HERE  

         Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                              Access Code: 2483 681 8180  
                                          Meeting Password: QmsDCyY2A43  

   The    City   of  Dallas    will  make     Reasonable      La     Ciudad       de     Dallas     llevará     a     cabo  
   Accommodations/Modifications           to     programs     Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas  
   and/or other related activities to ensure any and          y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos  
   all  residents    have    access    to  services    and    y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios  
                                                              y recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
   resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  
                                                              Cualquier   persona   que   requiera   asistencia   adicional,  
   meeting.  Anyone requiring  auxiliary  aid, service,       servicio y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma  
   and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting     íntegra   en  la  reunión   debe   notificar  a  Housing   &  
   should    notify   the  Housing     &   Neighborhood       Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
   Revitalization  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-       670-3677,   tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión 
   3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the   programada. Una transmisión en video de la reunión estará 
   scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting           disponible dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la 
   will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after  reunión en https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 
   adjournment                   by                 visiting  Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
   https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                 uso   de   la   palabra   deben   registrarse   en   Housing   &  
                                                              Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
   Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                              670-3677,  veinticuatro  (24)  horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y 
   must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood        horario de la reunión. 
   Revitalization  Department  call  (214)  670-3677or  
   email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four  
   (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time. 

            I.       Call to Order – Marcy Helfand, President 

            II.      Roll Call – Jaclyn Schroeder, Housing Project Manager 

            III.     Public Comments on items IV – XIII 

            IV.      Approval  of the  minutes for the October 8, 2024  City of Dallas Housing 
                     Finance  Corporation  (“DHFC”  or  the  “Corporation”)  Meeting  –  Marcy 
                     Helfand, President 

            V.       Action   Item:   Resolution  for   2929   Wycliff,   a   multifamily   residential 
                     development located at 2929 Wycliff Avenue  in the City of Dallas, Dallas 
                     County,   Texas        75219   –   Aaron   Eaquinto,   General   Manager;               George 
                     Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP; Ryan Bowen, Corporation Counsel, 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

         Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop  
         Securities Inc.  

        Consider and adopt partnership resolutions approving the form and substance  
        of and authorizing the execution and delivery  of documents and instruments  
        necessary  to  carry  out  the  financing  and  operation  of  2929  Wycliff  (the  
        “Development”) and containing other provisions relating to such Development,  
        including   resolutions   approving   the   ground   lease   between   Dallas   2929  
         Properties KI, LLC  (the “Borrower”) and DHFC 2929 Wycliff Landowner, LLC,  
        approving   the   regulatory   agreement   with   respect   to   the   Development,  
        authorizing financing for the Development to include: an equity investment by  
         Dallas 2929 Properties JV KI, LLC to  Dallas 2929 Properties Master JV, L.P.,  
        the  sole member of the  Borrower and loan financing from Grandbridge  Real  
         Estate Capital LLC to the Borrower, and authorizing and ratifying actions and  
        the  execution  of  documents  by  the  Corporation’s  President,  other  officers,  
        General  Manager  and  Assistant  General  Manager  in  connection  with  the  
        above-referenced transactions.  

VI.     Action   Item :   Resolution   for   Waterford   at   Goldmark,   a   multifamily  
        residential development located at 13695 Goldmark Drive in  the City of  
         Dallas,  Dallas  County, Texas  75240  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General Manager;  
         George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP;  Ryan Bowen, Corporation  
         Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director,  
        Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        a.       Consider and adopt a financing resolution authorizing the issuance, sale  
                 and   delivery   of   the   City   of   Dallas   Housing   Finance   Corporation  
                 Multifamily  Housing  Revenue  Notes  (Waterford  at  Goldmark)  Series  
                 2024,   with   the   proceeds   of   such   governmental   note   (the   “Note  
                 Financing”) to be loaned to 13695 Goldmark Drive (TX) Owner LP (the  
                 “Borrower”)  to  finance  a  portion  of  the  cost  of  the  rehabilitation  of  
                 “Waterford at Goldmark,” a multifamily residential development located  
                 at 13695 Goldmark Drive (the “Development”); and  

        b.       Consider  and  adopt  partnership  resolutions  approving  the  form  and  
                 substance of and authorizing the execution and delivery of documents  
                 and instruments necessary to carry out the financing and rehabilitation  
                 of  the  Development  and  containing  other  provisions  relating  to  such  
                 Development,   including   a   resolution   approving   the   ground   lease  
                 between the Borrower and DHFC Waterford at Goldmark  Landowner,  
                 LLC; and resolutions authorizing the admission of DHFC Waterford at  
                 Goldmark GP, LLC (the “General Partner”) to the Borrower and financing  
                 for the Development to include: equity financing by PNC Bank, National  
                 Association (“PNC”), the Note Financing, a construction loan from PNC,  
                 a bridge loan from PNC, and a sponsor loan.  

                                                 2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

VII.    Action Item : Resolution for The  Hartford  Living  located at 400 North St.  
        Paul Street  in the City of Dallas, Dallas County, Texas  75201, and to be  
        converted  to  a  multifamily  residential  development  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  
        General  Manager;  George  Rodriguez,  Bond  Counsel,  Bracewell  LLP;  Ryan  
        Bowen,  Corporation  Counsel,  Chapman  and  Cutler  LLP  and  Tim  Nelson,  
        Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

            a.       Consider  and  adopt  a  resolution  approving  a  Memorandum  of  
                     Understanding with  Blue Lofts, Inc.  or a designated affiliate for the  
                     acquisition,  financing,  development  and  operation  of  The  Hartford  
                     Living,   which     will  be   converted      to  a   multifamily     residential  
                     development;  

             b.      Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited  
                     liability company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the  
                     Texas Secretary of State to be  named  DHFC The Hartford Living  
                     Managing Member, LLC and approving the form of a limited liability  
                     company agreement and the execution thereof;  

            c.       Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited  
                     liability company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the  
                     Texas Secretary of State to be named DHFC The Hartford Living  
                     Contractor, LLC and approving the form and substance of a limited  
                     liability company agreement and the execution thereof; and  

            d.       Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited  
                     liability company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the  
                     Texas Secretary of State to be named DHFC The Hartford Living  
                     Landowner, LLC and approving the form and substance of a limited  
                     liability company agreement and the execution thereof.  

VIII.   Action Item : Resolution for  The Ridge at Loop 12  to be  located at 1200  
        North Walton Walker Boulevard in the City of Dallas, Dallas County, Texas  
        75211 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager; George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel,  
        Bracewell LLP; Ryan Bowen, Corporation Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP  
        and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

            a.       Consider  and  adopt  a  resolution  approving  a  Memorandum  of  
                     Understanding   with   LDG   Multifamily,   LLC   for   the   acquisition,  
                     construction, financing, development and operation of The Ridge at  
                     Loop     12,   an    approximately       300-unit     multifamily     residential  
                     development;  

             b.      Consider   and   adopt   a   resolution   approving   the   transfer   and  
                     assignment of DHFC The Ridge at Loop 12 GP, LLC, a Texas limited  
                     liability  company  (the  “Company”),  to  the  Corporation;  authorizing  

                                                 3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                    the  designation  of  the  Corporation  as  the  Sole  Member  of  the  
                    Company;  and approving the form  and substance  of an amended  
                    and restated  limited liability company agreement and the execution  
                    thereof;  

            c.      Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited  
                    liability company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the  
                    Texas Secretary of State to be named DHFC The Ridge at Loop 12  
                    Developer, LLC and approving the form and substance of a limited  
                    liability company agreement and the execution thereof; and  

            d.      Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited  
                    liability company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the  
                    Texas Secretary of State to be named DHFC The Ridge at Loop 12  
                    Landowner, LLC and approving the form and substance of a limited  
                    liability company agreement and the execution thereof.  

IX.     Action Item :  Resolution to terminate the Memorandum of Understanding  
        between the Corporation and Opportunity Housing Group, Inc. relating to  
        555 Ross, a multifamily residential development located at 1777 N Record  
        Street,  City  of  Dallas,  Dallas  County,  Texas  75020  -  Aaron  Eaquinto,  
        General  Manager;  George  Rodriguez,  Bond  Counsel,  Bracewell  LLP;  Ryan  
        Bowen,  Corporation  Counsel,  Chapman  and  Cutler  LLP  and  Tim  Nelson,  
        Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

X.      Action Item:  Resolution to terminate the Memorandum of Understanding  
        between  the  Corporation  and  Jefferson  at  the  Central,  LLC  relating  to  
        Jefferson Innova,  a multifamily residential development located at 2781  
        N.  Carroll  Avenue,  City  of  Dallas,  Dallas  County,  Texas  75204  -  Aaron  
        Eaquinto,  General  Manager;  George  Rodriguez,  Bond  Counsel,  Bracewell  
        LLP;  Ryan Bowen, Corporation Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim  
        Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

XI.     Discussion on Housing and Homelessness Solutions Committee Special  
        Called Meeting on October 29, 2024 regarding operation and governance  
        of the Corporation – Marcy Helfand, President  

XII.    Review and discussion of DHFC Treasurer’s report for the eight-month  
        period ending on August 31, 2024 – Aaron Eaquinto ,  General Manager  

XIII.   Review and discussion of the Corporation’s pipeline report as of  
        November 4, 2024 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  

XIV.    Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President                                            

                                                4  
  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section  46.03,  Penal  Code (places  weapons prohibited), a person may not  carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               5  
  
