----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                

  

                                                                
                                    SPECIAL CALLED MEETING OF THE  

                                        COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES  

                                            July 16, 2024, at 2:00 P.M.  
        J. Erik Jonsson Central Library, Stone Room (7th Floor) and Videoconference  

                                                 Video Conference:   
https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m32144019273b59e2e108e2915ca 
                                                          6b040  
                       Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 2491 434 2027  

The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to  programs and/or other related  
activities to ensure any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure an  
equitable and inclusive  meeting. Anyone requiring  auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation  to  
fully participate in the meeting should notify the Office of Equity and Inclusion  by calling  (214)- 
670-731 or TTY (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting. A video  
stream  of  the  meeting  will  be  available  two  business  days  after  adjournment  by  visiting  
https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  

Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must register with the  Office of Equity and  
Inclusion by calling (214) 670-7311, twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.  

                                                       AGENDA  

     I.      Call to Order                                         Chairman John Kalkanli, Mayor Appointee  
     II.     Roll Call  
     III.    Public Speakers (2 minute limit)  

VOTING AGENDA ITEMS  

     IV.     Self-Nomination for the Texas Governor’s Committee on People with  
             Disabilities Martha Arbuckle Meritorious Service Award  
               
             Discussion and Approval of Self-Nomination   
               
    V.       Review and Approval of Self-Nomination Draft  
    VI.      Announcements  
    VII.     Adjournment  

      

                                                                

                                                                

                                                                

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                  Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas),  no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia  
con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  
gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la  
vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas  prohibidas), una persona no puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                              EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
     which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas  Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct  
     of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  
2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
     §551.072]  
3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
     §551.073]  
4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
     officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
     employee  who  is  the  subject  of  the  deliberation  or  hearing  requests  a  public  hearing.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
     §551.074]  
5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.076]  
6.   discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has  received  from  a  business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting  
     economic development negotiations; or  deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business  
     prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  
7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
     security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
     infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                                     2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

          Texas Governor’s Committee on People with Disabilities  

              LEX FRIEDEN EMPLOYMENT AWARDS ENTRY FORM  

                       MARTHA ARBUCKLE AWARD CATEGORY  

                              Self-nominations are encouraged  

Nominee: Commission on Disabilities (COD) - City of Dallas  

Website address (if available): https://dallascityhall.com/government/Boards-and- 
Commissions/Commission-on-Disabilities/Pages/default.aspx  

The Martha Arbuckle Award recognizes the most innovative local  
committee project, and is presented in memory of Austin’s long-time  
disability advocate Martha Arbuckle.  

(1)Describe your Local Committee’s or organization’s most innovative  
    program related to disability issues.                                                                          

    Since its inception in 2022 by the presiding Mayor Eric L. Johnson, the City of Dallas,  
    Commission on Disabilities (COD) advises the City Council, and city departments on issues,  
    pertaining to the full spectrum of needs, rights, and privileges of residents with diverse  
    abilities. We make recommendations on ways our city could meet the every day needs of  
    these individuals, and we ensure that these residents are fully included in all areas of public  
    life, including equal access to a quality education, employment, housing, transportation, and  
    other public accommodations. Even though we are a relatively new commission, one major  
    initiative that is in the works will address accessible transportation. Specifically, our aim is to  
    encourage the City of Dallas to become one of the early adopters of self-driving autonomous  
    vehicles, which are fully compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and  
    already being used in other US cities.  

(2)Describe how this effort has enhanced the quality of life for Texans with  
    disabilities.   

    Enhancing the quality of life for Texans with disabilities is the essence of what we do as a  
    commission, and our work has made significant strides in different aspects. For example, our  
    advocacy efforts have created a space, where individuals are well-informed about their rights,  
    and have become knowledgable about seeking appropriate avenues for addressing violations.  
    Additionally, our work in increasing access to public spaces and transportation is enabling  
    residents to live independent, and productive lives. Collaborating with other disability  
    organizations allows us the opportunity to reflect upon ways we can apply the strategies  
    learned when it comes to stricter parking enforcement so that handicap parking spaces are not  

                                                                                                      1 

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

    unlawfully being used by people, who do not have disabilities. Working together closely with  
    other city departments enables us to become aware of resources that are available for  
    residents, living with disabilities as it relates to preparing for an emergency. These efforts,  
    combined together, reaffirms our commitment to fostering an equitable environment, where  
    the needs of these residents are recognized, respected, and understood.  

(3)Identify key steps to describe how this program could be implemented by  
    organizations in other communities.                                                       

    From our point of view, being able to implement our work in the community can immensely  
    benefit other organizations in that this will allow us the opportunity to leverage resources and  
    expertise in promoting diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility. To successfully achieve  
    this, we outline the key steps.  

    Needs Assessment: In order to better understand the full spectrum of needs, and challenges,  
    faced by people with disabilities in the community, we plan on listening to residents, and  
    being a resource in bringing a human face to their challenges.  

    Community Outreach: Fully engaging with the community is truly the only way to raise  
    awareness about disability issues, rights, and available resources. To enhance this effort, we  
    hope to conduct educational workshops and seminars to foster a deeper understanding and  
    support.  

    Partnerships and Collaboration: We aim to continue building, and strengthening  
    partnerships with local government agencies, nonprofit organizations, businesses, and  
    educational institutions to share resources and knowledge to advance disability justice, and  
    inclusion.  

    Advocacy and Empowerment: We will keep advocating for the rights of people with  
    disabilities, and empower them to make their voices heard. We also encourage employers,  
    schools, and providers of social services to engage in inclusive practices.  

    Human Rights: We will continue supporting, and encouraging city efforts to promote  
    respect for, and understanding of the rights of people with disabilities. Our aim will be to  
    ensure that members of the disability community in fact have a place at the table, by allowing  
    them the opportunity to openly share their concerns. We also strive to be a body, where we  
    identify the key issues, and identify solutions that are most effective.  

Nominee Information  

Name of Local Committee: Commission on Disabilities (COD)  
Type of Committee (Mayor’s Committee, community organization, non-profit,  
etc.): Mayor’s Committee  

                                                                                                      2 

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

Committee Chair or Primary Contact: John Kalkanli  
Type of Business: Local Government  
Street Address: 1500 Marilla Street  
City, State, Zip Code: Dallas, TX 75201  
Daytime Phone: (214) 670-7311  
Email Address: commissionondisabilities@dallas.gov  
Website Address (if available) : https://dallascityhall.com/government/Boards-and- 
Commissions/Commission-on-Disabilities/Pages/default.aspx  

Nominator Information (if this is not a self-nomination)  

Name of Nominator:  
Street Address:  
City, State, Zip Code:  
Daytime Phone:  
Email Address:  

You are encouraged to include supplementary materials for your awards  
entry by email or postal mail. (Examples: local media coverage, brochures,  
photos, letters of recommendation, etc.)  

Testimonials from employees or customers with disabilities are encouraged,  
but please obtain written permission to use information and/or photos used  
in the submission.  Do not disclose confidential information.  

Please be aware that all information you submit to the Office of the Governor  
is subject to public disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act.  

Please send this completed form and any supplemental materials by email  
(preferred) OR by postal mail to:  

Email:   

GCPD@gov.texas.gov  

Postal Mail:  

                                                                                         3 

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

Lex Frieden Employment Awards Nominations  
Texas Governor’s Committee on People with Disabilities  
P.O. Box 12428  
Austin, TX  78711 

                                                                                  4 
