----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                                  Puf,fic Notice  

      NOV 22 PH 1:56                                                                                            2  4  1  0  8  9 

CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                          CITY SECRETARY 
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                            POSTED  
                                                                                                                         DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                                     DALLAS PUBLIC FACILITY CORPORATION  
                                           BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING  

                                            November 26, 2024, at 12:00 PM  

                             Dallas City Hall, Auditorium L1FN and Videoconference  
                              Dallas City Hall – 1500 Marilla Street, Dallas, TX 75201  

      The public may listen to the meeting as an attendee at the following videoconference link:   
      https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m6fb0c8e52f25ee2c12b494cfd1908c7b  

      Members of the public who wish to listen to the meeting by telephone may call: 1-408-418-9388: Access Code: 24876830223  

      On behalf of the Dallas Public Facility Corporation, the City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to  programs  
      and/or other related activities to ensure any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
      inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the  
      Dallas Public Facility Corporation via the Department  of Housing and Community Development  by calling (214)  670-3077  or  
      TTY (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available two  
      business days after adjournment by visiting  https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx. Individuals and interested  
      parties wishing to speak must register with the Dallas Public Facility Corporation via the Department of Housing and Community  
      Development by calling (214) 670-3077, twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.   

                                                           AGENDA  

      1.     Call to Order - Keith Pomykal, Dallas Public Facility Corporation (DPFC) Board of Directors 
             (Board) President 

      2.     Roll Call - Samuel McDaniel, Assistant General Manager 

      3.     Public Testimony - public comment(s) on items 4-17 

      4.     Discussion and approval of the minutes of October 22, 2024 DPFC Board  Meeting - Keith 
             Pomykal, DPFC Board President 

      5.     Ethics Disclosures: DPFC Board members should disclose any relationship a member may 
             have with the projects to be considered on this agenda or with any developer, participant 
            or  financial  beneficiary  of  the  projects  to  be  considered  on  this  agenda,  even  if  that 
             relationship  does not relate to  a  specific project the  DPFC Board  is  considering  -  Keith 
             Pomykal, DPFC Board President 

      6.     Executive Session Agenda: The DPFC Board will conduct a closed meeting to discuss 
             matters permitted by the following section of Chapter 551, Texas Government Code: 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                                                                           
  
       A.      Section 551.071, CONSULATION WITH ITS ATTORNEY(S): To seek the  advice of  
               its  attorney(s)  about  pending  or  contemplated  litigation,  settlement  offers,  or  any  
               matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney(s)  to  the  DPFC  Board  under  the  Texas  
               Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts  
               with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code, Section 551.071]:    
  
                      Legal issues concerning City of Dallas general election, held on November 5,  
                      2024 on charter-related ballot propositions, Proposition S “Granting Standing  
                      to  Residents  and  Waiving  Governmental  Immunity”  related  to  conditions  
                      under which the City of Dallas may waive its governmental immunity.  
                        
                      DPFC Legal Counsel, Jim Plummer, Summer Greathouse, Bracewell, LLP;  
                      Lisa D. Mares, Dallas City Attorney’s Office, Assistant City Attorney  
  
7.     The  DPFC  Board  may  reconvene  in  open  session  and  act  on  any  item  listed  on  the  
       Executive Session Agenda in accordance with Chapter 551, Texas Government Code.  
         
8.     Discussion regarding the demolition of the facility at 9999 Technology Blvd., Dallas, TX –  
       Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Jake Brown, LDG Development  
         
9.     Discussion and approval of a resolution approving the transaction for Oakhouse Phase 2  
       located at 909 E. Colorado Blvd, Dallas, TX; including the execution of all documentation  
       necessary to carry out the transactions; authorizing the purchase of the land for the projects  
       and  authorizing  the  DPFC  to  serve  as  the  general  contractor;  and  other  matters  in  
       connection  therewith  –   Sam  McDaniel,  Assistant   General  Manager;  Jim  Plummer,  
       Bracewell, LLP, DPFC legal counsel; Braxton Parsons,  Hilltop Securities, DPFC Financial  
       Underwriter  
  
10.    DPFC Articles of Incorporation, as amended and/or bylaws, as amended discussion - Jim  
       Plummer, Bracewell, LLP, DPFC legal counsel  
  
11.    DPFC  Board  officer  elections  discussion  and  approval  –  Keith  Pomykal,  DPFC  Board  
       President  
  
12.    DPFC  Hiring  Committee  briefing  and  discussion  –  Victor  Toledo,  Board  Staff  Hiring  
       Committee Chair  
  
13.    October  29,  2024,  Housing  and  Homeless  Solution  Committee  special  called  meeting  
       briefing and discussion - Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager  
  
14.    DPFC-owned  property  monitoring procedures  briefing  and  discussion  –  Sam  McDaniel,  
       Assistant General Manager  
  
15.    DPFC 2024 annual report discussion – Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manger  

                                                                    2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                                                       
  
  
16.       DPFC Website briefing and discussion – Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Kevin  
         Winters, Board Community Outreach Committee Chair    
  
17.       DPFC pipeline report briefing and discussion - Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager  
  
18.      Adjourn – Keith Pomykal, DPFC Board President  
           
  
  
  
  
                                                     

                                                                                         3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                               
  
                                                        EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  
                                                                                
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items  concerns one of the  
following:  
  
1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
      which the duty of the attorney to the DPFC Board under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct  
      of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  
2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have a detrimental effect on the position of the  DPFC  in negotiations  with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.072]  
3.    deliberating  a negotiated contract for a prospective  gift  or donation to the  DPFC  if  deliberation in  an  open  
      meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the  city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.073]  
4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
      officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
      employee  who  is  the  subject  of  the  deliberation  or  hearing  requests  a  public  hearing.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.074]  
5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.076]  
6.    discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the  DPFC  has received  from a business  
      prospect that the  DPFC  seeks to have locate,  stay,  or expand in or near the  city and with which the city is  
      conducting economic development negotiations; or  deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a  
      business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]  
7.    deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
      security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
      infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
        
  
                              Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  
                                                                                
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  
  
"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  
  

                                                                              4  
  
