----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED                                                                               PuE[ic Notice  

zozi. HAR 22   AH 10:13                                                                    2     4     0     2  9     0 
 CITY   SECRETARY                                                                                         CITY.SECRETARY 
  DALLAS. TEXAS                                                                             POSTED  DALLAS, TX  

                          CITY OF DALLAS PUBLIC FACILITY CORPORATION  
                                      BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING  

                                          March 26, 2024, at 12:00 PM  

                        Dallas City Hall, Auditorium L1FN and Videoconference  
                         Dallas City Hall – 1500 Marilla Street, Dallas, TX 75201  

 The public may listen to the meeting as an attendee at the following videoconference link:  
 https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m7e3f872e35c5c109a0a3c8c45797b28c  

 Members of the public who wish to listen to the meeting by telephone may call: 408.418.9388; Access Code: 2487 683 0223  

 The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to  programs and/or other related activities to ensure any and all  
 residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid,  
 service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the Department of Housing and Urban Revitalization  
 by calling (214) 670-3077 or TTY  (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the  
 meeting will be available two business days after adjournment by visiting https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  
 Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  must  register  with  the  Department  of  Housing  and  Neighborhood  
 Revitalization by calling (214) 670-3077, twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.   

                                                       AGENDA  

   1.  Call to Order – Keith Pomykal, President 

  2.   Roll Call – Albert Gonzalez, HOU Staff 

  3.   Public Testimony - public comment(s) on items 4 –  15 

  4.   Recognition  –  Raul  Reyes,  Dallas  Public  Facility  Corporation  Board  Member  –  Keith 
       Pomykal, President 

  5.   Discussion  and  approval  of  the  minutes  of  February  27,  2024  Board  Meeting  –  Keith 
       Pomykal, President 

  6.   Discussion  and  approval  of  a  resolution  approving  the  transaction  for  Santa  Fe  Trail  at 
       Haskell located at 4000 Ash Street, Dallas, TX; including the execution of all documentation 
       necessary to carry out the transactions; authorizing the purchase of the land for the projects 
       and authorizing the Dallas Public Facility Corporation to serve as the general contractor; 
       and  other matters  in  connection  therewith  –  Albert  Gonzalez,  HOU  Staff;  Jim  Plummer, 
       Bracewell; Tim Nelson, Hilltop Securities 

  7.   Discussion and approval of a resolution authorizing the negotiation and execution of a Term 
       Sheet for Bloc House Santa Fe Trail in partnership with Bloc House to be located at 4533 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

      Willow  Street,  Dallas,  TX  –  Albert  Gonzalez,  HOU  Staff;  Jim  Plummer,  Bracewell;  Tim  
      Nelson, Hilltop Securities  
  
8.   Discussion and approval of a resolution authorizing the appointments  of Albert Gonzalez,  
      Dallas PFC Administrator, as the Corporation’s General Manager and Sam McDaniel, Dallas  
      PFC Project Manager, as the Corporation’s Assistant General Manager–  Keith Pomykal,  
      President  
  
9.   Discussion and approval of a resolution authorizing the appointment of One Dallas Public  
      Facility Corporation Board member to the Dallas Public Facility Corporation Governance  
      Committee and the appointment of Three Dallas Public Facility Corporation Board members  
      to the Dallas Public Facility Corporation Community Outreach Committee – Keith Pomykal,  
      President  
  
10. Discussion  and  approval  of  Cimone  Key  Creative  Studio,  LLC  for  website  design  and  
      maintenance services – Albert Gonzalez, HOU Staff  
  
11. Discussion and approval of 2023 Annual Report – Albert Gonzalez, HOU Staff  
  
12. Discussion  and  review  of  Dallas  Public  Facility  Corporation’s  community  reinvestment  -  
      Keith Pomykal, President  
  
13. Discussion and review of Directors and Officers Insurance coverage for the Dallas Public  
      Facility Corporation’s Board of Directors and Officers - Keith Pomykal, President  
  
14. Discussion and review of Dallas PFC Treasurer’s Report - Albert Gonzalez, HOU Staff  
            
15. Discussion and review of Dallas PFC Pipeline Report - Albert Gonzalez, HOU Staff  
  
16. Adjourn – Keith Pomykal, President    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

                                                                                 2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                       EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  
                                                                               
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda  items  concerns one of the  
following:  
  
1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
      which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas  Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct  
      of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  
2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.072]  
3.    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
      would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.073]  
4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
      officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
      employee  who  is  the  subject  of  the  deliberation  or  hearing  requests  a  public  hearing.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.074]  
5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.076]  
6.    discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has  received  from  a  business  
      prospect  that  the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay,  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  
      conducting economic development negotiations; or  deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a  
      business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]  
7.    deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
      security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
      infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
        
  
                             Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  
                                                                               
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  
"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  
  

                                                                             3  
  
