----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED                                                                                                         Puf,fic Notice  

             -13 PH 12: 44                                                                                                2  4  0  8  6  1 
  CITY SECRETARY                                 DALLAS PARK & RECREATION BOARD                                                    CITY SECRETARY 
                                                              REGULAR MEETING    
                                                                                                                   POSTED  
  DALLAS, TEXA   S                                                                                                                 DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                                              THURSDAY, September 19, 2024, 10:00 A.M.  
                                   Dallas City Hall, 6FN Conference Room and Videoconference  
                                   Video Conference: https://bit.ly/3XbJAZ4   Password: Pkrboard1  
                                       Telephone: (469) 210-7159 Access Code: 2492 158 4094  
The City of Dallas will make Reasonable Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other  La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los  
related activities to ensure any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure  programas y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos y cada uno  
an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid, service, and/or translation to fully  de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios y recursos para asegurar una reunión  
participate in the meeting should notify the Park & Recreation Department by calling (214) 670-4078,  equitativa e inclusiva. Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia adicional, servicio  
three  (3)  business  days  prior  to  the  scheduled  meeting.  A  video  stream  of  the  meeting  will  be  y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma íntegra en la reunión debe notificar  
available   twenty-four   (24)    hours     after   adjournment    by     visiting  a Park & Recreation Departamento llamando al (214) 670-4078, tres (3) días hábiles  
https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                                         antes  de  la  reunión  programada.  Una  transmisión  en  video  de  la  reunión  estará  
                                                                                   disponible  dos  días  hábiles  luego  de  la  finalización  de  la  reunión  en  
                                                                                   https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   

                                    Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must register to speak at  
                   https://www.dallasparks.org/107/Park-and-Recreation-Board before 12 pm Wednesday, September 18, 2024  

                                                                     AGENDA  

              I.   Call to Order                                                                               Arun Agarwal, Chair  

              II.  Public Speakers 

              III.  Approval of Minutes – September 5, 2024 

              IV.  CONSENT AGENDA 
                   1.  Trinity Strand Trail – (6) Authorize the location of a public art project on the Hi Line Trinity 
                       Trail,  located  at  1930  Hi  Line  -    Financing:  No  cost  consideration  to  the  City  (Committee 
                       considered on September 5, 2024) 

                   2.  Singing Hills Recreation Center – (8) Authorize the site location of a new public artwork at 
                       the  Singing  Hills  Recreation  Center  located  at  6805  Patrol  Way  –  Financing:  No  cost 
                       consideration to the City (Committee considered on September 5, 2024) 

              V.   ITEM FOR INDIVIDUAL CONSIDERATION 
                   3.  Southern  Gateway  Park  –  (4)  Authorize  the  naming  of  Halperin  Park  formerly  known  as 
                       Southern Gateway Park in exchange for a $23,000,000.00 donation. The term of the naming 
                       opportunity will be for the useful life of the infrastructure.  — Financing: This item has no cost 
                       consideration to the City. (Committee considered on September 19, 2024) 

              VI.  DISCUSSION ITEM 
                   4.  Political Activities in Parks – M. Renee Johnson, Assistant Director 

              VII. BRIEFING 
                   5.  Fair Park First Annual Report – Rachael Berry, Assistant Director 

              VIII.UPDATE 
                   6.  Budget Development – Rachael Berry, Assistant Director 
                   7.  Fair Park First Update – Ryan O’Connor, Assistant Director 

              IX.  OTHER/NON-ACTION ITEMS 
                      Staff Announcements – Upcoming Park & Recreation Department Events 

                      Park & Recreation Board Members liaison reports 

              X.       Next Park Board meeting 10:00 am Thursday, October 17, 2024 

              XI.      Adjournment 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

  

  

                                Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by  license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law),  may not enter this  property with a  
concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistol  
oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law),  may not enter this  property with a  
handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una pistola  
a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para  
portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other weapon  
into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un arma  
de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                                     EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A  closed  executive  session  may  be  held  if  the  discussion  of  any  of the  above  agenda  items  concerns  one  of  the  
following:  

1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which  
      the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State  
      Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would have  
      a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
      would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.073]  

4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
      officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee  
      who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt.  
      Code §551.076]  

6.    discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect  
      that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic  
      development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex  
      Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.    deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology, network security  
      information,   or   the   deployment   or  specific   occasions   for   implementations   of   security   personnel,   critical  
      infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
        
