----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

  RECEIVED                                                                                              Pub[k Notice  

2025 JAN -3  PM  1: 46                                                                                       Ť ŧ Ţ Ţ 2 8  
                                                    CIVIL SERVICE BOARD  
 CITY SECRETARY                                       REGULAR MEETING                                                CITY 
                                                                                                      POSTED              SECRETARY 
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                         DALLAS 
                                                                                                                               , TX 
                                                 January 7, 2024 at 9:30 A.M.  
                               Dallas City Hall, Room #1 C- South and Videoconference  
                                                     Video Conference Link:  
          https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mf2edfb447d5e88846e5eb08b24eab8ea  
                                    Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code: 24898779247  

    The     City    of    Dallas      will   make      Reasonable       La     Ciudad      de     Dallas     llevará     a    cabo  
   Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other                Adecuaciones/Modificaciones        Razonables      a    los  
    related  activities  to  ensure  any  and  all  residents  have     programas   y/u   otras   actividades   relacionadas   para  
    access to services and resources to ensure an equitable             asegurar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan  
                                                                        acceso  a  los  servicios  y  recursos  para  asegurar  una  
    and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  
                                                                        reunión  equitativa  e  inclusiva.  Cualquier  persona  que  
    service,   and/or   translation   to   fully   participate   in   the  requiera asistencia adicional, servicio y/o interpretación  
    meeting  should  notify  the  Department  by  calling  (214)        para poder participar de forma íntegra en la reunión debe  
    670-3748, three (3) business days prior to the scheduled            notificar  al  departamento  llamando  al  (214)  670-3748,  
    meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available            tres (3) días hábiles antes de la reunión programada. Una  
    twenty-four   (24)   hours   after   adjournment   by   visiting    transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible dos  
    https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                          días  hábiles  luego  de  la  finalización  de  la  reunión  en  
                                                                        https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
    Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must  
    register with the Department at link or call (214) 670-3748,        Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
    twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.          uso de la palabra deben registrarse en Departamento en  
                                                                        enlace  o  llamando  al  (214)  670-3748,  veinticuatro  (24)  
                                                                        horas antes de la fecha y horario de la reunión.  

                                                             AGENDA  

       I.      Call to Order 

       II.     Public Speakers 

       III.    Approval of Minutes 

               a.  Approve minutes from the November12, 2024, Special-called Civil Service Board Meeting. 

       IV.     Hearing Item(s) 

               a.   Hear the rehire eligibility appeal of Mr. Noel Balderas, a former employee in the Housing 
                   Department. 

      V.       Briefing and Discussion Item(s) 

               a.  Department FY 24-25 Priorities and Updates 

               b.  Annual Report Development and Schedule 

               c.  Department Updates and Announcements 

      VI.      Action Item (s) 

               a.  Take action from the rehire eligibility appeal hearing of Mr. Noel Balderas, a former employee in 
                   the Housing Department. 

      VII.     Adjournment 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                         

Jarred D. Davis, MS, Sr. CAAP  
Secretary, Civil Service Board  

  

                               Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas  prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                                       EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in which the  
     duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of  
     Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an  open meeting would have a  
     detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer  
     or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the  
     subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that  
     the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  conducting  economic  
     development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt .  
     Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  security  
     information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or  
     security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

                                                                          2  
  
