----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

      RE-CE-IV ED  
                                                                                       Puf,fic Notice  
   ma� JUN 20 PH  4:5 5 
                                                                                           2  4  0  6  2  7 
                  TARY 
            SEC E          
     CITY  
                                                                                                   CITY SECRETARY 
                           
                     AS 
                TEX                                                                  POSTED  
                  
          LAS. 
     DAL                                                                                            DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                                      COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES  
                                              REGULAR MEETING  

                                         June 25th, 2024 at 3:00 P.M.  
                Dallas City Hall, 6ES Council Briefing Room and Videoconference  

                                               Video Conference:  
      https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m4668f1edc5a7881b22245072e5eb2169  

                      Telephone: (408) 418-9388, Access Code:  2482 055 5623  

The City of Dallas will make reasonable modifications           La  Ciudad  de  Dallas  llevará  a  cabo  Modificaciones  
to  programs and/or other related activities to ensure          Razonables  a  los  programas  u  otras  actividades  
all  residents have access to services and resources            relacionadas para asegurar que todos y cada uno de  
to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone            los   residentes   tengan   acceso   a   los   servicios   y  
requiring  auxiliary  aid,  service,  and/or  translation  to   recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  
fully participate in the meeting should notify the Office       inclusiva. Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia  
of Equity & Inclusion by calling (214) 670-7311 or TTY          adicional,  servicio  o   interpretación  para   poder  
(800)  735-2989,  forty-eight  (48)  hours  prior  to  the      participar   de   forma   íntegra   en   la   reunión   debe  
                                                                notificar a la Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando  
scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will 
                                                                al (214) 670-7311 o TTY (800) 735-2989, dos (2) días  
be available two business days after adjournment by 
                                                                hábiles  antes   de   la  reunión  programada.     Una  
visiting                                                        transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible  
https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.as             dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la reunión  
px.                                                             en  https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live 
                                                                .aspx.  
Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  
must register with the Office of Equity & Inclusion by          Las  personas  y  las  partes  interesadas  que  deseen  
calling (214) 670-7311, twenty-four (24) hours prior to         hacer  uso  de  la  palabra  deben  registrarse  en  la  
the meeting date and time.                                      Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando al (214) 670- 
                                                                7311, 24 horas antes del tiempo de la reunión.   

                                                     AGENDA  

   I. Call to Order: Chairman John Kalkanli, Mayor Appointee 

  II. Roll Call 

 VOTING AGENDA ITEMS  

 III. Approval of Minutes 

    o   Approval of the May 28th , 2024 Commission on Disabilities meeting minutes. 

 IV. Public Speakers (3 Minute Limit) 

  V. Officer Reports 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

   

           o     Chairman John Kalkanli (Mayor Appointee) will discuss the Department of Justice’s  
                final rule regarding ADA Accessibility for City Websites and Mobile Apps.  
   
           o     Chairman John Kalkanli (Mayor Appointee) will review his attendance at the 2024  
                 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility (DEIA) Summit on behalf of City of  
                 Dallas’ Commission on Disabilities organized by North Texas Disability Chamber on  
                June 1, 2024.  
                  
           o     Chairman John Kalkanli (Mayor Appointee) will discuss initial plans to hold a team- 
                 building retreat for the Commission on Disabilities in July 2024.  
   

  VI. Commissioners’ Reports   
   
 BRIEFING ITEMS  
   
 VII.  Briefings   
         
           o     Marketing Communications Manager and Senior Staff Analyst, Melonie Curry, with   
                 ParkHouston will present on ADA Parking Enforcement and Volunteer Training and  
                 Engagement.   

VIII.  Announcements   
                    
        
  IX.  Adjournment   
                                                                            
                            Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
 "Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
 licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
 property with a concealed handgun."   
 "De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código  penal (ingreso  sin autorización de un titular de  una  licencia  
 con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
 (ley sobre licencias  para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
 "Pursuant to  Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
 person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
 enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
 "De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código  penal (ingreso  sin autorización de un titular de  una  licencia  
 con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  
 gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la  
 vista."   
 "Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
 other weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
 "De conformidad  con la  Sección  46.03, Código Penal (coloca  armas  prohibidas),  una  persona no  puede  
 llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
    
    
   
   
                                                    EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
 A closed executive session may be held if the  discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
 following:   
            1.        seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
           matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
           Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  
           Govt. Code §551.071]   

                                                                        2  
   

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

  

2.         deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease,  or value of real  property if deliberation in an  open  
meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  
Govt. Code §551.072]   
3.         deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an  
open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
[Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
4.         deliberating   the   appointment,   employment,   evaluation,   reassignment,   duties,   discipline,   or  
dismissal of a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee  
unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing.  
[Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
5.         deliberating  the  deployment,  or  specific  occasions  for  implementation,  of  security  personnel  or  
devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
6.         discussing or deliberating commercial  or  financial information that the city has received from  a  
business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the  
city  is  conducting  economic  development  negotiations;  or  deliberating  the  offer  of  a  financial  or  other  
incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]   
7.         deliberating security assessments  or deployments relating to information resources technology,  
network  security  information,  or  the  deployment  or  specific  occasions  for  implementations  of  security  
personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   
                                                                   

                                                                3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

  

  
                                           Commission on Disabilities  
                                             Regular Meeting Minutes  
                                                     May 28, 2024  
                                                 Dallas City Hall, 6ES  
                                                Call-in (408) 418-9388  
                                           Access Code: 2491 915 4254  
                                             John Kalkanli, Presiding  
                                                                 
                                                                 
  
PRESENT: [6]  
  John Kalkanli, Chair District 15                                 Christina Puga, District 8                                 
  Gay Revi, District 1                                            Starlet Ramirez, District 6*  
  Rod Hooker, District 3*                                          Chris Bellew, District 10*                                 
  
 ABSENT: [3]  
  Beverly White, District 9  
  Nicole Munoz Huschka, District 13  
  Nancy H Immerman, District 11  

    

  *Note: Members of the Commission on Disabilities participated in this meeting by video  
  conference.  
  **Note: Indicates arrival time after meeting called to order/reconvened  
  
Technical Resource Panel Members Present:  [1]  
  Carrie Parks*  
  
Absent: [5]  
  Dr. Priscylla Bento                                              Dylan Rafaty  
  Wade Wilcox                                                      Bianca Walker  
  Cynthia Suarez                                                    

The May 28, 2024, Commission on Disabilities meeting was called to order at 2:06 p.m. with  
quorum being met.  
  
The meeting agenda, posted in accordance with Chapter 551, “OPEN MEETINGS”, of the Texas  
Government Code, was presented.  
    
PUBLIC SPEAKERS  
Chairman Kalkanli opened the floor with roll call and for any public speakers, advising the public  
of available time and requesting that they turn on their camera’s when speaking.   
With no public speakers, Chairman Kalkanli moved to the next order of business.   
    
  

  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES MEETING MINUTES  
MAY 26, 2024  

APPROVAL OF MINUTES  
Chairman Kalkanli opened the floor to approve minutes from March 26, 2024.   
Chairman Kalkanli mentioned the following edits to be made:  

  ●   Statement in Commissioner’s reports should read “Commissioner Puga voiced her  
      concerns” rather than “Commissioner Puga expressed her frustration”  

  ●   Statement in Commissioner’s Report should read “Women’s History Month” rather than  
      “Women’s Herstory Month”  

  ●   An additional statement in the briefing should read “Chairman Kalkanli acknowledged the  
      concerns brought upon by some of the commissioners but emphasized the necessity and  
      importance of a Human Rights Commission to more effectively achieve the strategic  
      priorities and quickly bring solutions to the everyday challenges faced by people with  
      disabilities.”  

  ●   Acronym in Announcements “NFP News Line” should be corrected to “NFB”, to signify the  
      National Federation of the Blind.   

  Commissioner Puga mentioned the following edits to be made:  

  ●   Commissioner Puga should be referred to as Commissioner Puga rather than the “she”  
      pronoun, to identify that she is the Commissioner being referenced to.   

  ●   Statement “On February 15th, Commissioner Puga attended Netflix’s ‘Black Beauty Effect’  
      Documentary Red Carpet premiere” should include “invited by 3 Think Media PR Lia  
      Frazier”.  

  Chairman Kalkanli called to vote the approval of the March 26, 2024, minutes. All were in favor  
  of approving minutes with edits.  
  
MEETING SUMMARY  
Chairman Kalkanli provided the Officer Reports:  
  
On April 10th, Chairman Kalkanli and Commissioner Revi conducted a fact-finding meeting with  
Mozee Inc, a company providing self-driving autonomous vehicles that are fully ADA compliant.  
Chairman Kalkanli expressed the hope that the Commission on Disabilities will adopt vehicles  
created by Mozee. Chairman Kalkanli indicated that Commissioner Revi would have more to  
report on Mozee and their discussions with DART and other Dallas City departments.   
  
On April 17th, Chairman Kalkanli attended and spoke at the Autism Acceptance Month event  
hosted by the City of Dallas’ Office of Equity and Inclusion. Chairman Kalkanli stated he was  
honored to be a speaker and to discuss the intersectionality of disability rights, autism  
acceptance, and human rights. Chairman Kalkanli expressed his hope that the Office of Equity  
Inclusion continues to host events in this manner, highlighting disabilities and sparking  
meaningful discussions.  
  
Chairman Kalkanli motioned for Commissioner Hooker to speak on the proposed Disability  

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES MEETING MINUTES  
MAY 26, 2024  

Cultural Humility Training. Chairman Kalkanli gave a brief overview of the training and motion  
was passed.   
  
COMMISSIONERS’ REPORTS  
Commissioner Puga shared the following report, including events which occurred in April and  
May:   
  
Kennedy Krieger Institute hosted four relevant Zoom calls in April  
     ●    Rethinking Research and Policy Impacting and Addressing the Importance of Autism  
          Research  
     ●    Experience and Adult Life Planning for Autistic Individuals  
     ●    Making Sense of Sensory Processing  
     ●   Supporting Behavior and Emotional Regulation for Individuals with Autism, including  
         Individuals with other Disabilities  
  
On April 6, 2024, Commissioner Puga attended Dallas Mavericks’ Employee Resource Group  
Symposium, where Inclusion and Employment of Individuals with Disabilities was discussed.   
  
On April 17, 2024, Commissioner Puga attended the Autism Awareness Event hosted by the City  
of Dallas’s Office of Equity and Inclusion.   
  
On April 19, 2024, Commissioner Puga attended the Dallas Symphony Orchestra’s Diversity  
night, where inclusion of all disabilities was discussed. Commissioner Puga mentioned Technical  
Advisory Panelist Dylan Rafaty being in attendance with the North Texas Disability Chamber,  
and many other vendors and chambers being in attendance.   
  
Commissioner Puga attended the Rays of Light Gala for the United Methodist Church’s respite  
program. Commissioner Puga shared that her family was highlighted at the gala and that the  
Rays of Light provides Respite services for parents/guardians on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Friday of  
every month.  
  
Commission Puga shared that May is Mental Health Awareness Month and that she attended  
the May 4th Mental Wellness Walking Fair at Senior Hills Recreation Center. Commissioner  Puga  
shared attendees include Former Dallas Cowboy Greg Ellis, who discussed mental health  
awareness, Mayor Pro Tem Tennell Atkins, and Texas State Rep District 110 Toni Rose.   
  
On May 6, 2024, Commissioner Puga attended the Vista Bank Grand Opening/Ribbon Cutting in  
South Dallas. Commissioner Puga mentioned the Bank having ADA accommodations available  
and Vice President and Director of Community Development and Outreach Lubbock D. Smith III  
being in attendance.   
  
On May 10, 2024, Commissioner Puga met with Courtney Walger from Disability Rights of Texas  
and discussed resources available to those with disabilities.   
  
On May 15, 2024, Commissioner Puga had her first disability discussion in her district at Senior  
Hills Recreation Center where she informed citizens of disability resources and discussed  
advocacy for disability rights and finding resources and information on wellness and wellbeing.  

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES MEETING MINUTES  
MAY 26, 2024  

On May 18, 2024, Commissioner Puga attended the Highland Park High School Buddy Bowl,  
sponsored in part by Raising Cane’s and CBS 11, where varsity football players and children  
with special needs and disabilities play football together.   
  
Commissioner Hooker shared the following report:  
On May 4, 2024, Commissioner Hooker participated in Bike Multiple Sclerosis round up for the  
National Multiple Sclerosis Society, where over $8,000 was raised.  
  
On May 10th, Commissioner Hooker met with Chief Strategy Officer Tate Ringer to learn more  
about the Individual and Developmental Disabilities training sent to the City Council to create  
awareness, with hopes to gain support in advocacy and with the state of Texas increasing  
funding for support services.   
  
SUB-COMMITTEE REPORTS  
Commissioner Revi provided a report on behalf of the Transportation Subcommittee.  
Commissioner Revi shared that Lime Scooters provide a free tricycle to individuals with  
disabilities; Lime will deliver the tricycle to residences and pick it up after use. Commissioner  
Revi reported she will provide more updates soon.   
  
Commissioner Revi reported an upcoming meeting with Cruise self-driving cars and will report  
back with updates.  
  
Commissioner Revi reported meeting with Phoenix Mobility Rising, a nonprofit aiming to provide  
free or low-cost transportation to people with disabilities and expressed their interest in Mozee.  
Commissioner Revi provided a detailed report on Mozee: Commissioner Revi reports Mozee  
vehicles are fully ADA compliant, can be programmed in 35 different languages, and have space  
for baggage and service animals under seats. Mozee vehicles have sensors to measure potholes  
and air quality and are able to relay this information to relevant city departments. Mozee  
vehicles would be assembled within the City. Commissioner Revi reports that Mozee is currently  
in discussion with, Office of Environmental Quality and Sustainability, Dallas County, City of  
Arlington, and DART.   
  
Commissioner Revi motioned that the Commission on Disabilities continues to investigate the  
possibilities of adopting autonomous vehicles for use by persons with disabilities in Dallas. This  
study will include all affected city departments and DART, with the goal of recommending these  
vehicles to city council.   
  
Commissioner Bellew asked for clarification on the motion. Commissioner Revi stated wanting  
the Commission to further investigate these vehicles and consider the possibility of adopting  
these vehicles.   
  
The motion passed with all in favor.   
   
 BRIEFING   
 Chairman Kalkanli moved to the next order of business and introduced Chief Integrity Officer,  
 Baron Eliason, who provided a basic overview of ethics, specifically code of conduct, civility,  
 and decorum in meetings. Quorum was temporarily lost, as Commissioner Revi and  

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES MEETING MINUTES  
MAY 26, 2024  

 Commissioner Ramirez temporarily left the meeting. Quorum was regained, but a temporary  
 technology issue prevented virtual attendees from hearing the meeting.  Commissioner Puga  
 inquired about best practice regarding correspondence to emails. Commissioner Puga and CIO  
 Barion Eliason agreed best practice is to respond, and Eliason encouraged Commissioner Puga  
 to have an assertive conversation regarding difficulty receiving correspondence.  
  
 Chairman Kalkanli introduced Public Information Coordinator, Michael Smith, with the City of  
Dallas Department of Transportation to present on the Department’s work and resources  
available for  
people with disabilities. With limited time left in meeting, Chairman Kalkanli and Mr. Smith  
agreed to revisit the presentation in a later Commission meeting.   
   
ANNOUNCEMENTS  
Chairman Kalkanli announced that April was Autism Acceptance Month and May is Mental  
Health Awareness Month and shared relevant information regarding each. Chairman Kalkanli  
shared being in communication with a UT-Dallas Undergraduate student who designed Apollo, a  
pair of glasses used with a mobile app that are useful for individuals with disabilities, specifically  
those who are visually impaired. Chairman Kalkanli shared this student is interested in the  
Commission and he may ask her to present in the future.   
Chairman Kalkanli proposed a retreat for July, Disability Pride Month, and shared his initial  
ideas. Chairman Kalkanli discussed potentially visiting the Freedom Matters Exhibit at the  
George W Bush Presidential Museum. Chairman Kalkanli shared this exhibit includes information  
on how freedom has evolved in this country, including specifics regarding ADA and disability  
rights.   
  
Commissioner Hooker announced that the North Texas Disability Chamber is hosting their 1st  
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, Accessibility (DEIA) Summit June 1st from 8am-12pm. Chairman  
Kalkanli shared he will also be in attendance and a speaker at the event.   

  

  ADJOURNMENT,   

  Chairman Kalkanli adjourned the May 28, 2024, Commission on Disabilities meeting at  
  3:46pm.   
  
  
  

  
Drafted by:                                                                                         Date  
Kelsi Peterson, ADA Coordinator  
Office of Equity & Inclusion  
  
  
  
  

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

COMMISSION ON DISABILITIES MEETING MINUTES  
MAY 26, 2024  

  
  
  

Approved by:                                                                                          Date  
John Kalkanli, Chairman  
Commission on Disabilities  

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

Em p o we rin g  
Vo lun t e e rs t o   
Make  an  Im p act 

Melonie Curry, MBA 
Cit y of Hous t on - Pa rkHous t on 
S enior S t a ff Ana lys t 

 w w w .H o u s t o n t x.g o v / p a r k in g 

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

Wh y d o  p e o p le  vo lun t e e r? 

                                          •  Pe rs o n a l Pa s s io n 

                                          •  Pro t e c t in g t h e  Righ t s  o f t h e   

                                             Dis a b le d   

                                          •  Co n n e c t  Th e m  t o  Th e ir Pa s s io n 

                                          •  Fu lfill a  Tru e  Ne e d 

----------------------- Page 12-----------------------

                                Ho w t o  Est ab lish  a  
                               Vo lun t e e r Pro gram 

                                         4 -Ho u r                                Re c e rt ific a t io n   
St a t e  St a t u t e                   Tra in in g                              e ve ry 3 ye a rs 

Texas Transportation Code                  •  Th e  Re gu la t io n                 •  Pro c e s s  Im p ro ve m e n t 
6 81.0 10 1                                •  Ha n d le  Co n flic t                •  Re c ru it e r 
En fo rc e m e n t  b y Ce rt a in         •  Pu b lic  Se rvic e 
Ap p o in t e d  Pe rs o n s               •  Pe rs o n a l Sa fe t y 

----------------------- Page 13-----------------------

            Ed ucat e 

ADA Parkin g Sp ace 

                   •  ADA Compliant Parking Space 

                   •  Requirements for Parking  

                     Violation Enforcement 

----------------------- Page 14-----------------------

                                        Ed ucat e 

                  ADA Parkin g Cre d e n t ials 

      License Plates require  
                                                        Va lid  Pa rkin g Pla c a rd s 
In t e rn a t io n a l Sym b o l o f Ac c e s s 

----------------------- Page 15-----------------------

                       Ed ucat e 

Re q uire m e n t s fo r Disab le d  Ve t e ran s 

----------------------- Page 16-----------------------

                 Em p o we r an d  Eq uip 

•  Uniform                  •  Handheld devices         •  Be prepared to 
•  Badges                   •  Citation books             take all the heat 
•  Safety Vests                                         •  Business Card 
•  Caps                                                 •  Contact 

                                                          Information 

----------------------- Page 17-----------------------

  Ad vo cat e s vs. Ave n ge rs 

 AVENGERS 

  •  Punish 
  •  Power Hungry 
  •  Penalize and Inflict Pain 

ADVOCATES 

  •  Passion to fulfill a need 
  •  Serve their community 
  •  Increase accessibility 

----------------------- Page 18-----------------------

Evaluat e 

     Tra in e d                                                   Ac t ive 

                                                                   In a c t ive 
    Re c e rt ific a t io n 

----------------------- Page 19-----------------------

Ce le b rat io n  an d   
Re co gn it io n 

----------------------- Page 20-----------------------

Me lo n ie  Cu rry, MBA 
Se n io r St a ff An a lys t   
Pa rkHo u s t o n                                  Co n t a c t 

20 20  Mc Kin n e y St .                             832 -39 3 - 86 45 
Ho u s t o n , TX 770 0 3                          m e lo n ie .c u rry@h o u s t o n t x.go v 

Vis it  Us 

Ho u s t o n t x.go v/ p a rkin g 
