----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                         Puf,fic Notice  
           18 PH                                                                                        2  4  0  9  7  6 
                   
                   5:11 
CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                  CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                  POSTED  
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                    DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                           CITY OF DALLAS PUBLIC FACILITY CORPORATION  
                                       BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING  

                                          October 22, 2024, at 12:00 PM  

         J. Erik Jonsson Central Library, Sixth Floor Classroom B, and Videoconference 
                  J. Erik Jonsson Central Library – 1515 Young St, Dallas, TX 75201 

  The public may listen to the meeting as an attendee at the following videoconference link:   
   https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m7e3f872e35c5c109a0a3c8c45797b28c  

   Members of the public who wish to listen to the meeting by telephone may call: 1-408-418-9388: Access Code: 24876830223  

  The City of Dallas will make “Reasonable Accommodations” to  programs and/or other related activities to ensure any and all  
   residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid,  
  service, and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting should notify the Department of Housing and Urban Revitalization  
   by calling (214) 670-3077 or TTY  (800) 735-2989, forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the  
   meeting will be available two business days after adjournment by visiting https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.aspx.  
   Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  must  register  with  the  Department  of  Housing  and  Neighborhood  
   Revitalization by calling (214) 670-3077, twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.   

                                                       AGENDA  

    1.  Call to Order - Keith Pomykal, President 

    2.  Roll Call - Samuel McDaniel, Assistant General Manager 

    3.  Public Testimony - public comment(s) on items 4-16 

    4.  Discussion  and  approval  of  the  minutes  of  September  24,  2024,  Board  Meeting  -  Keith 
        Pomykal, President 

    5.  Ethics Disclosures: Board members should disclose any relationship a member may have 
        with the projects to be considered on this agenda or with any developer, participant or 
        financial beneficiary of the projects to be considered on this agenda, even if that relationship 
        does  not  relate  to  the  specific  project  the  Dallas  Public  Facility  Corporation  Board  is 
        considering - Keith Pomykal, President 

    6.  Discussion regarding the demolition of the facility at 9999 Technology Blvd - Sam McDaniel, 
        Assistant General Manager; Jake Brown, LDG Development 

    7.  Discussion and approval of a resolution authorizing the negotiation and execution of a Term 
        Sheet for the  Rivulet in  partnership with Rivulet MF LandCo I, LLC to  be located at 6400 
        University Hills Blvd, Dallas, TX 75134 – Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Swede 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                     
  
       Hanson,  Smart  Living  Residential;  Jim  Plummer,  Bracewell;  Braxton  Parsons,  Hilltop  
       Securities  
  
 8.  TOMA Presentation: Presentation regarding Texas Open Meetings Act –  Lisa  D.  Mares,  
       Dallas Assistant City Attorney  
         
 9.   Discussion and approval of the 2024/2025 DPFC board meeting dates –  Sam McDaniel,  
       Assistant General Manager  
  
  10. Discussion and approval of proposed bylaw changes to present at the upcoming  Housing  
       and  Homeless  Solutions  Committee  meeting  on  October  29,  2024  –  Ken  Montgomery,  
       Governance Committee Chair  
          
  11. Discussion and approval of authorizing the opening of a credit card account for the City of  
       Dallas  Public  Facilities  Corporation  (the  “Corporation”);  authorizing  the  execution  of  any  
       required   resolution   to   acquire   such   credit   card;   authorizing   authorized   signatories,  
       authorizing all actions necessary or convenient to carry out the purposes of this Resolution–  
       Sam McDaniel, Assistant General Manager; Alan Tallis, Treasurer; Jim Plummer, Bracewell  
         
  12. Discussion and approval  of the  DPFC staff  hiring  committee  –  Sam McDaniel, Assistant  
       General Manager; Keith Pomykal, President   
            
  13. Discussion  regarding  DPFC  property  monitoring  procedures  –  Sam  McDaniel,  Assistant  
       General Manager  
         
  14. Discussion and review of Dallas DPFC Website Report – Sam McDaniel, Assistant General  
       Manager; Kevin Winters, Community Outreach Chair  
            
  15. Discussion and review of Dallas DPFC Pipeline Report - Sam McDaniel, Assistant General  
       Manager  
            
  16. Approval of  Resolution confirming and ratifying the appointment of Sam McDaniel  as the  
       Assistant  General  Manager  and  other matters  in  connection  therewith  –  Sam  McDaniel,  
       Assistant General Manager; Jim Plummer, Bracewell  
  
  17. Adjourn – Keith Pomykal, President    
  
  
  
  
                                                     EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  
                                                                           
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items  concerns one of the  
following:  
  
1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
     which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas  Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct  
     of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

                                                                         2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                                                                                                                                
  
2.    deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
      have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.072]  
3.    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
      would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
      §551.073]  
4.    deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
      officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
      employee  who  is  the  subject  of  the  deliberation  or  hearing  requests  a  public  hearing.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
      §551.074]  
5.    deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security  personnel or devices. [Tex.  
      Govt. Code §551.076]  
6.    discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has  received  from  a  business  
      prospect  that  the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay,  or  expand  in  or  near  the  city  and  with  which  the  city  is  
      conducting economic development negotiations; or  deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a  
      business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]  
7.    deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
      security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
      infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
        
  
                              Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  
                                                                                 
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  gobierno  (ley  sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property  
with a handgun that is carried openly."  
  
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con una  
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley sobre  
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."  
  
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."  
"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un  
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  
  

                                                                              3  
  
