----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                                                                Puf,fic Notice  

      NOV  13 AH 8:00                                                                                         2  4  1  0  5  7 

CITY SECRETARY                             DESIGN DISTRICT TIF DISTRICT                                               CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                        POSTED  
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                   BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                    DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                                        SPECIAL CALLED MEETING NOTICE  
                          Reinvestment Zone Number Eight, City of Dallas, Texas  
                               (Design District Tax Increment Financing District)  

                                           November 20, 2024, at 3:00 p.m.  
                       Dallas City Hall, 6DN Conference Room and Videoconference  

                         Detailed information pertaining to this agenda may be found at  
                                    https://cityofdallas.legistar.com/Calendar.aspx  

                                                    Video Conference:  
       https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m217c8af96ab0a77237a9eb7b1b5f8745  
                             Telephone: (408) 418-9388    Access Code:  2492 665 5700 

     The    City   of   Dallas    will  make     reasonable           La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo Modificaciones  
     modifications   to   programs   and/or   other   related  
                                                                      Razonables  a  los  programas  u  otras  actividades  
     activities  to  ensure  all  residents  have  access  to  
                                                                      relacionadas para asegurar que todos y cada uno de  
     services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
                                                                      los  residentes  tengan  acceso  a  los  servicios  y  
     inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  
                                                                      recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  
     service, and/or translation to fully participate in the  
                                                                      inclusiva. Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia  
     meeting should notify the Office of Equity & Inclusion  
                                                                      adicional,  servicio  o   interpretación   para   poder  
     by  calling  (214)  670-7311  or  TTY  (800)  735-2989,  
                                                                      participar  de  forma  íntegra  en  la  reunión  debe  
     forty-eight (48) hours prior to the scheduled meeting.  
                                                                      notificar a la Oficina de Equidad y Inclusión llamando  
     A video stream of the meeting will be available two  
                                                                      al  (214)  670-7311  o  TTY  (800)  735-2989,  dos  (2)  
     business    days    after  adjournment     by    visiting  
                                                                      días hábiles antes de la reunión programada. Una  
     https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.as 
                                                                      transmisión en video de la reunión estará disponible  
     px.                                                              dos  días  hábiles  luego  de  la  finalización  de  la  

                                                                      reunión  
     Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak              en   https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Liv 
     must register with the Office of Equity & Inclusion by  
                                                                      e.aspx. 
     calling (214) 670-7311, twenty-four (24) hours prior  
     to the meeting date and time.   
                                                                      Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen  
                                                                      hacer  uso  de  la  palabra  deben  registrarse  en  la  
                                                                      Oficina  de  Equidad  y  Inclusión  llamando  al  (214)  
                                                                      670-7311, 24 horas antes del tiempo de la reunión 

                                                        AGENDA  

     1.   Call to order and introduction of meeting participants. 

     2.   Public comments pertaining to agenda items 3 through 5. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

  
  
3.    Review and consider  the Meeting  Record  of the  February 12, 2024  Design District TIF  
      District Board Meeting.   
      Presenter: Sue Hounsel, Senior Manager, Office of Economic Development   
      Recommended action: Approve  
  
4.    Review a project update for the Trinity Strand Hi-Line Span Project: 1) a pedestrian bridge  
      at the Hi Line Drive trail head to span across Turtle Creek and connector trail segment  
      from the western side of the new bridge to Market Center Boulevard and 2) a connector  
      trail segment from Market Center Boulevard to Irving Boulevard and consider an increase  
      in  the  district-wide  TIF  funding  by  up  to  an  additional  $2,722,123  (from  the  original  
      dedication of $7,000,000) for design and construction for a total not to exceed $9,722,123.  
       Presenter: Sue Hounsel, Senior Manager, Office of Economic Development   
      Recommended  action:  Approve  and  forward  a  recommendation  of  approval  to  City  
      Council  
        
5.    Receive informational briefing and discuss a public art component for the Trinity Strand Hi- 
      Line Span Project trailhead/plaza.  
      Presenters: Sue Hounsel, Senior Manager, Office of Economic Development   
                          Guy Bruggeman, Public Art Conservation Manager, Office of Arts and Culture  
      Recommended action: Discuss and provide direction to staff, as applicable  
        
6.     Adjournment .  
  
  

                            Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed  
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a  
concealed handgun."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  
una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno (ley  
sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia con  
una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista."   
"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
"De  conformidad  con la  Sección  46.03, Código Penal (coloca  armas  prohibidas),  una  persona no  puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
   
  
  
                                                EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:   
          1.        seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or  
          any matter in which the duty of the attorney  to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of  
          Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  
          Govt. Code §551.071]   

                                                                   2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

  
  
2.         deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property  if deliberation in an open  
meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
[Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   
3.         deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an  
open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
[Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
4.         deliberating  the  appointment,  employment,  evaluation,  reassignment,  duties,  discipline,  or  
dismissal of a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee  
unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing.  
[Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]   
5.         deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or  
devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
6.         discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a  
business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the  
city is conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other  
incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]   
7.         deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology,  
network security  information,  or  the  deployment  or specific  occasions  for  implementations of  security  
personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   
  

                                                               3  
  
