----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                                  

 
ŤŪ-"ţǆŤŦ 
                                                                                                           Ť ŧ Ţ ť ť ū 
 "$& %& 
                                                                                                                        
 &!#&                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                        	
 
                                                                                                                                  

                                 Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone Number Eleven   
                                    (“DOWNTOWN CONNECTION TIF DISTRICT”)  

                         DOWNTOWN DALLAS DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (“DDDA”)  

                                                    BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
                                            SPECIAL CALLED JOINT MEETING   

                               Reinvestment Zone Number Eleven, City of Dallas, Texas  
                                                                  and  
                                          Downtown Dallas Development Authority  

                                                   April 1, 2025 at 1:00 p.m.  
                          Dallas City Hall, 6DN Conference Room and Videoconference  

                            Detailed information pertaining to this agenda may be found at  
                                         https://cityofdallas.legistar.com/Calendar.aspx  

                                                       Video Conference:  
      https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=mfb9bd49458bcfcb6e85a6bed99fafd1b  

                           Telephone: (469) 210-7159       Access Code: 2493 181 7257  

      The    City   of   Dallas    will   make     reasonable           La Ciudad de Dallas llevará a cabo Modificaciones  
      modifications   to   programs   and/or   other   related  
                                                                        Razonables  a  los  programas  u  otras  actividades  
      activities  to  ensure  all  residents  have  access  to  
                                                                        relacionadas para asegurar que todos y cada uno  
      services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
                                                                        de  los  residentes  tengan  acceso  a  los  servicios  y  
      inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  
                                                                        recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  
      service, and/or translation to fully participate in the  
                                                                        inclusiva.   Cualquier     persona      que    requiera  
      meeting    should   notify   the   Office   of   Equity   &  
                                                                        asistencia  adicional,  servicio  o  interpretación  para  
      Inclusion  by  calling  (214)  670-7311  or  TTY  (800)  
                                                                        poder  participar  de  forma  íntegra  en  la  reunión  
      735-2989,     forty-eight  (48)  hours    prior  to  the 
                                                                        debe  notificar  a  la  Oficina  de  Equidad  y  Inclusión  
      scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting 
                                                                        llamando al (214) 670-7311 o TTY (800) 735-2989,  
      will  be    available    two   business     days    after 
                                                                        dos   (2)   días   hábiles    antes   de    la  reunión  
      adjournment                   by                 visiting  
                                                                        programada.   Una   transmisión   en   video   de   la  
      https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.as 
                                                                        reunión estará disponible dos días hábiles luego de  
      px.                                                               la     finalización      de      la     reunión       en  

                                                                         https://dallascityhall.com/government/Pages/Live.a 
      Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                                        spx.  
      must  register  with  the  Office  of  Equity  &  Inclusion  
      by  calling  (214)  670-7311,  twenty-four  (24)  hours  
      prior to the meeting date and time.                               Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen  
                                                                        hacer  uso  de  la  palabra  deben  registrarse  en  la  
                                                                        Oficina  de  Equidad  y  Inclusión  llamando  al  (214)  
                                                                        670-7311, 24 horas antes del tiempo de la reunión. 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

Special Called Meeting  
Joint Board of Directors Meeting of   
Downtown Connection TIF District and Downtown Dallas Development Authority  

                                                 AGENDA  

  Call meeting to order and declare a quorum is established. 
    Joseph Pitchford, Chair, Downtown Connection TIF District 
    Billy Prewitt, Vice Chair, DDDA 

  Motion for Chair to preside over the Special Called Meeting. 

  Introduction of meeting participants. 

  Public comments pertaining to agenda items 5 through 6 

  Review  and  consider  the  Meeting  Record  of  the  January  16,  2025  special  called  joint 
    meeting  of  the  City  Center  TIF  District  Board  of  Directors,  Downtown  Connection  TIF 
    District  Board  of  Directors,  and  the  Downtown  Dallas  Development  Authority  Board  of 
    Directors. 
    Presenter: Tamara L. Leak, Assistant Director (I), Office of Economic Development 
    Board(s): Downtown Connection TIF District and DDDA 
    Recommended Action: Approve 

  Review  and  consider  an  amendment  of  the  Downtown  Connection  TIF  District  (“TIF 
    District”)  Project  Plan  and  Reinvestment  Zone  Financing  Plan  (“Plan”)  to:  (1)  add  a 
    provision for a directed sale of an approximately 1.09 acre property addressed as 660 N. 
    Griffin  Street  (and  the  current  location  of  City  of  Dallas  Fire  Station  No.  18)  in  the 
    Downtown  Connection  Sub-district  of  the  Downtown  Connection  TIF  District;  and  (2) 
    reprogram $6,980,602 2006 NPV dollars (approximately $31,000,000 total dollars) from 
    the   Redevelopment        of   Vacant/Underutilized       Downtown       Buildings,    Underdeveloped 
    Parcels, Surface Parking Lots line item to the Public Safety Building (replace Fire Station 
    No.  18)  line  item  in  the  Downtown  Connection  Sub-district’s  budget  to  support  the 
    relocation and development of a new Fire Station No. 18. 
    Presenter: Tamara L. Leak, Assistant Director (I), Office of Economic Development 
    Board(s): Downtown Connection TIF District and DDDA 
    Recommended  Action:  Approve  and  Forward  a  Recommendation  of  Approval  to  the 
    City Council 

  Review  and  consider  a  development  agreement  with  Tango  North  RF,  LLC,  a  Texas 
    limited liability company and/or its affiliates or assigns (collectively, the “Developer”) in an 
    amount not to exceed $29,399,487 (“TIF Subsidy”), payable from existing and future TIF 
    District funds, for the Fire Station No. 18 Relocation Project (“Project”) including: 

    D  City’s  acquisition  from  Developer  of  three  properties  addressed  as  1205  Patterson 
        Avenue, 1212 San Jacinto Street, and 1214 San Jacinto Street totaling approximately 
        0.967 acres (the property on which the future Fire Station No. 18 will be located); 

    E  City’s directed sale to Developer of an approximately 1.09 acre property addressed as 
        660 N. Griffin Street (the property on which the existing Fire Station No. 18 is located); 
        and 

                                                    Page 2 of 4  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

 Special Called Meeting  
 Joint Board of Directors Meeting of   
  Downtown Connection TIF District and Downtown Dallas Development Authority  
   
         
       c.   reimbursement              of     development             costs       associated          with      Developer’s           design,  
            engineering, financing, construction, and conveyance to the City of a new Fire Station  
            No. 18 facility (and associated infrastructure and streetscape improvements).   
       Presenter: Tamara L. Leak, Assistant Director (I), Office of Economic Development   
       Board(s): Downtown Connection TIF District and DDDA  
       Recommended  Action:  Approve  and  Forward  a  Recommendation  of  Approval  to  the  
       City Council  
                        
 7.  Adjournment  
       Joseph Pitchford, Chair, Downtown Connection TIF District  
       Billy Prewitt, Vice Chair, DDDA    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities   
                                                                            
 "Pursuant  to  Section  30.06,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  a  concealed  handgun),  a  person  
 licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
  property with a concealed handgun."   
 "De acuerdo con la  sección 30.06 del  código penal (ingreso sin  autorización de un titular de  una  licencia  
 con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
 (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."   
   
 "Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person  
 licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  licensing  law),  may  not  enter  this  
  property with a handgun that is carried openly."   
 "De acuerdo con la  sección 30.07 del  código penal (ingreso sin  autorización de un titular de  una  licencia  
 con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  
 gobierno (ley sobre  licencias para  portar  pistolas), no puede  ingresar a esta  propiedad con  una  pistola a  
 la vista."   
   
 "Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other  
 weapon into any open meeting on this property."   
 "De  conformidad con la  Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca  armas  prohibidas),  una persona no  puede  
  llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."   
    
   

                                                                    Page 3 of 4  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

Special Called Meeting  
Joint Board of Directors Meeting of   
Downtown Connection TIF District and Downtown Dallas Development Authority  
  
                                                                              
                                                      EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE   
                                                                              
A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:   
  
           1.         seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or  
           any matter in which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of  
           Professional  Conduct  of  the  State  Bar  of  Texas  clearly  conflicts  with  the  Texas  Open  Meetings  Act.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]   
             
           2.         deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open  
           meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
           [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   
             
           3.         deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in  
           an open meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third  
           person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]   
             
           4.         deliberating  the  appointment,  employment,  evaluation,  reassignment,  duties,  discipline,  or  
           dismissal  of  a  public  officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  
           employee unless the officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a  
           public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  
             
           5.         deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or  
           devices. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]   
             
           6.         discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a  
           business prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which  
           the city is conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other  
           incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]   
             
           7.         deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology,  
           network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
           personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]   

                                                                      Page 4 of 4  
