----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

      RECEIVED  
                                                                                          Pu6Cic Notice  
    2023  NOV -9  PH  5: 49 
                                                                                                 23 1 0 1 8 
    CITY   ECRETARY S   
     DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                     CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                         POSTED  DALLAS, TX 
                                                                                                                       
                                DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION  
                                                REGULAR MEETING  

                                   Tuesday, November 14, 2023 at 12:30 PM  
                          Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium and Videoconference  
                                      Video Conference Link: Click HERE  

      Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                           Access Code: 2489 719 4298  

The    City   of   Dallas   will  make     Reasonable      La      Ciudad      de     Dallas      llevará    a     cabo  
Accommodations/Modifications            to    programs     Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas  
and/or other related activities to ensure any and          y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos  
all  residents    have    access    to   services    and   y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios  
                                                           y recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  
                                                           Cualquier   persona   que   requiera   asistencia   adicional,  
meeting.  Anyone requiring  auxiliary  aid, service,       servicio y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma  
and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting     íntegra   en  la  reunión   debe   notificar  a  Housing    &  
should    notify   the   Housing    &    Neighborhood      Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
Revitalization  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-       670-3677,   tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión 
3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the   programada. Una transmisión en video de la reunión estará 
scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting           disponible dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la 
will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after  reunión en https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 
adjournment                   by                 visiting  Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                 uso   de   la   palabra   deben   registrarse   en   Housing   &  
                                                           Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                           670-3677,  veinticuatro  (24)  horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y 
must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood        horario de la reunión. 
Revitalization  Department  call  (214)  670-3677or  
email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four  
(24) hours prior to the meeting date and time. 

          I.      Call to Order - Marcy Helfand, President 

          II.     Roll Call - Jaclyn Schroeder, Housing Project Manager 

          III.    Public Comments on items IV – VIII. 

          IV.     Approval of the minutes for the October 10, 2023 City of Dallas Housing 
                  Finance Corporation (the “Corporation” or “Dallas HFC”) Meeting – Marcy 
                  Helfand, President 

         V.       Action  Item:  Resolutions  for  the  Estates  at  Ferguson,  a  multifamily 
                  residential development to be located at 9220 Ferguson Road in the City 
                  of Dallas, Dallas County, Texas – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager; George 
                  Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP; Ryan Bowen, Corporation Counsel, 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

         Chapman   and   Cutler   LLP   and   Tim   Nelson,   Managing   Director,   Hilltop  
         Securities Inc.  

         a.  Consider and adopt a  note  resolution authorizing the issuance, sale and  
         delivery of the City of Dallas Housing Finance Corporation Multifamily Housing  
         Revenue Notes (Estates at Ferguson) Series 2023  in the aggregate principal  
         amount of up to $25,000,000.00, with the proceeds of such governmental note  
         to be loaned to TX Ferguson 2022, Ltd. (the “Borrower”) to finance a portion of  
         the  cost  of  the   construction   (the  “Governmental  Note  Financing")   of  a  
         multifamily housing development to be known as “Estates at Ferguson” and to  
         be located at 9220 Ferguson Road, Dallas, Texas (the “Development”); and  
         b.    Consider  and  adopt  partnership  resolutions  approving  the  form  and  
         substance  of  and  authorizing  the  execution  and  delivery  of  documents  and  
         instruments  necessary  to  carry  out  the  financing  and  construction  of  the  
         Development  and  containing  other  provisions  relating  to  such  Development  
         including a resolution approving the ground lease between TX Ferguson 2022,  
         Ltd.  and   DHFC  Estates  of   Ferguson  Landowner,  LLC;  and  resolutions  
         authorizing the admission of DHFC Estates at Ferguson GP, LLC (the “General  
         Partner”) to the Borrower and financing for the Development to include: equity  
         financing by  Raymond James Tax Credit Fund XX L.L.C., the Governmental  
         Note Financing, conversion of the Governmental Note Financing to permanent  
         loan  financing,  construction  loan  financing,  loan  financing  from  the  City  of  
         Dallas   consisting   of     loans   in   the   aggregate   amount   of   approximately  
         $8,583,487.00 from federal HOME and CDBG-DR funds, and loan financing  
         from  the  General  Partner  with  proceeds  of  ARPA  grant  funds  from  Dallas  
         County.   

VI.      Action  Item :  Resolutions  for  The  Mondello,  a  multifamily  residential  
         development to be located at 2000 Highland Road in  the City of Dallas,  
         Dallas County, Texas – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager:  
         a.     Consider      and    adopt     a   resolution     approving      a   Memorandum          of  
         Understanding  (“MOU”)  with  DevCo  Preservation,  LLC  for  the  financing,  
         acquisition   and   rehabilitation   of   The   Mondello,   a   multifamily   residential  
         development;  
           
         b.  Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited liability  
         company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the Texas Secretary  
         of  State  to  be  named  DHFC  The  Mondello  Managing  Member,  LLC  and  
         approving the form of a limited liability company agreement;  

         c.  Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited liability  
         company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the Texas Secretary  
         of State to be named DHFC The Mondello  Developer, LLC and approving the  
         form of a limited liability company agreement;   

         d.  Consider and adopt a resolution approving the creation of a limited liability  
         company with the Corporation as the Sole Member with the Texas Secretary  

                                                   2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

          of State to be named DHFC The Mondello Landowner, LLC and approving the  
          form of a limited liability company agreement;  

VII.      Review and discussion of Dallas HFC pipeline report - Aaron Eaquinto,  
          General Manager   

VIII.     Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President  

                                     

                                                            3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section  46.03,  Penal  Code (places  weapons prohibited), a person may not  carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               4  
  
