----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                                                                

0 "0ţŢ-"ŦǆŧŦ                                                                                    2 5 0 0 ũ ť 

 "$& %                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                        
  &!#                                                                                                      	
 
                                                                                                                               

                                                       CITY OF DALLAS 
                                      COMMUNITY POLICE OVERSIGHT BOARD 
                                                     REGULAR MEETING 

                                            Tuesday, January 14, 2025 - 5:30 PM 

                                    There are three ways to attend and participate: 

                                   1.   In Person: Dallas City Hall, 6EN Council Chambers 
                                                       2.  Video Link Online: 
                    https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m9a18c622584b6972abc 
                                                             ba6e63a5613c6 
                              Panelist Code: 2492 512 3724 Meeting Password: FEfmpnsP879 
                                                3.   Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 

           The City of Dallas will make Reasonable Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other related  
           activities to ensure any and all residents have access to services and resources to ensure an equitable and  
           inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring  auxiliary  aid,  service,  and/or  translation  to  fully  participate  in  the  
           meeting  should  notify  the  Office  of  Community  Police  Oversight  by  calling  (214)  671-8283,  three  (3)  
           business days prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting will be available twenty-four  
           (24) hours after adjournment by visiting https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 

           Individuals  and  interested  parties  wishing  to  speak  must  register  with  the  Office  of  Community  Police  
           Oversight at Dallascityhall.com/OCPO or call (214) 671-8283, twenty- four (24) hours prior to the meeting  
           date and time. 

           La Ciudad de Dallas hará adaptaciones/modificaciones razonables a los programas y/u otras actividades  
           relacionadas para garantizar que todos y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a servicios y recursos  
           para garantizar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva. Cualquier persona que requiera ayuda auxiliar, servicio  
           y/o traducción para participar plenamente en la reunión debe notificar a la Oficina de Supervisión de la  
           Policía Comunitaria llamando al (214) 671-8283, tres (3) días hábiles antes de la reunión programada. Una  
           transmisión de video de la reunión estará disponible veinticuatro (24) horas después del cierre visitando  
           https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 

           Las personas y partes interesadas que deseen hablar deben registrarse en la Oficina de Supervisión de  
           la Policía Comunitaria en Dallascityhall.com/OCPO  o llamar  al (214) 671-8283, veinticuatro (24) horas  
           antes de la fecha y hora de la reunión. 

           BOARD  MEMBERS:  Chair  John  Mark  Davidson  –  District  15, Aswad Smith  –  District  1,  
           Jonathan E Maples – District 2, Walter Higgins – District 3, Loren Gilbert-Smith – District 4,  
           Brian Bah – District 5, Derric Pegram – District 6, (VACANT) – District 7, Chauncey Lander – 
           District 8, Alison Grinter Allen – District 9, Jennifer King – District 10, (VACANT) – District 11,  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

                                                             
 

Deatra Wadsworth – District 12, David Kitner – District 13, and Brandon Friedman – District  
14.   

STAFF: Director and Police Monitor Michele Andre, Communication Advisor Waldir Guerrero,  
Special  Investigator  Gregory  Huff,  Policy  Analyst  Siara  Montoya  Obasuyi,  and  Senior  
Outreach Specialist Alma Perez.  

The City of Dallas Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) is dedicated to addressing  
complaints  against  Dallas Police  Department officers.  The  OCPO’s  primary  function  is  to  
monitor DPD investigations of external administrative complaints or critical incidents, oversee  
mediations; independently investigate administrative investigations upon the conclusion of an  
internal affairs investigation (case disposition and discipline); review findings of internal affairs  
investigations  or  investigations  of  critical  incidents  and  report  the  findings  to  the  board;  
provide support services to the board such as aiding the board and the technical resource  
panel  in  their  work;  and  assist  the  board  with  preparing  reports.  The  OCPO  does  not  
represent complainants or assist in any monetary recovery or other damages sought by a  
complainant.  

La Oficina de Supervisión de la Policía Comunitaria (OCPO) de la Ciudad de Dallas se dedica  
a atender quejas contra agentes del Departamento de Policía de Dallas. La función principal  
de la OCPO es monitorear las investigaciones del DPD sobre quejas administrativas externas  
o  incidentes  críticos,  supervisar  las  mediaciones;  investigar  de  forma  independiente  las  
investigaciones  administrativas  una  vez  concluida  una  investigación  de  asuntos  internos  
(disposición del caso y disciplina); revisar los resultados de las investigaciones de asuntos  
internos o de incidentes críticos e informar los resultados a la junta; proporcionar servicios  
de apoyo a la junta, como ayudar a la junta y al panel de recursos técnicos en su trabajo; y  
ayudar a la junta en la preparación de informes. La OCPO no representa a los denunciantes  
ni ayuda en ninguna recuperación monetaria u otros daños solicitados por un denunciante.  

Community Police Oversight Board Meeting Agenda       Tuesday, December 10, 2024  

   I.    Call To Order & Roll Call                                    (Chairman John Mark Davidson)  
  II.    Purpose of the CPOB                                         (Chairman John Mark Davidson)   
  III.   Public Comment   / Open Microphone (Three Minutes Per Person)  
              a.   During the open microphone period at the beginning of each Board meeting,  
                   up to five people are allowed to speak. Those who wish to speak must register  
                   before the meeting begins. Speaker registration will open 15 minutes prior to  
                   the start of the Board meeting. The first five registered speakers will be called  
                   in the order they signed up to speak at the beginning of the meeting.  
 IV.     Approval of Meeting Minutes  
              a.   December 10, 2024, CPOB Regular Meeting Minutes   
  V.      Overview and Explanation of Information and Technology Services that the  
         Department of Information Technology Offers to CPOB Members  
 VI.     Dallas Police Department Interim Chief Michael Igo Introduction to CPOB  
VII.     Bob Scales Presentation on Racial Disparity in DPD Monthly Arrests by  
         Council District   
              a.   This presentation will examine  publicly available data from the Dallas Police  
                   Department  that  is  available  from  the  Department’s  Police  Force  Analysis  

                                                             
 

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                                                              
  

                   System, the National Incident Based Reporting System, and the Dallas Open  
                   Data Portal. The data and dashboards will be used to examine racial disparity  
                   issues.  The  racial  disparity  findings  and  methodologies  used  in  the  Police  
                   Force   Analysis   Systemᵑ   First   Summary   Report   for   the   Dallas   Police  
                   Department will also be discussed.  
VIII.     OCPO Accountability and Transparency Dashboard Presentation   
               a.   The  Transparency  &  Accountability  Dashboard  was  developed  by  Data  
                   Analytics  and  Business  Intelligence  (DBI),  in  partnership  with  the  Office  of  
                   Community Police Oversight. This public-facing dashboard aims to enhance  
                   transparency        and     foster    trust   with    Dallas     residents      by    providing     a  
                   comprehensive  overview  of external administrative  complaints  filed  with  the  
                   Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) and Dallas Police Department  
                   (DPD). It includes insights into the nature of complaints, demographic data of  
                   complainants, resolution processes, and positive feedback for DPD officers.  
  /y͘     Updates on Enhancements to the CPOB and OCPO Websites 
   X.     Introduction of New OCPO Staff                                             
               a.   Waldir Guerrero, Communication Advisor   
               b.   Alma D. Perez, Senior Outreach Specialist  
  XI.     Reports / Briefings   
               a.   Director Report                                                      (Director Michele Andre)  
               b.  Policy Analyst Report                                 (Policy Analyst Siara Obasuyi)  
                         i.   Legislative Briefings                          
                                 1.   Senate Bill 281  
                        ii.   Legislative Update   
                                 1.   Senate Bill 280   
                                 2.   House Bill 881  
                        iii.   Recommendation from the OCPO regarding the IAd Complaint Intake  
                             Process    
               c.   Special Investigator Report                                                         (Greg Huff)  
                         i.   Critical Incident Briefing    
                                 1.   January 7, 2025, Officer-Involved Shooting in the 11000 Block  
                                      of Joaquin Drive  
                        ii.   Consideration of Independent Review Request               
                                 1.   EC2024-1186 Elijah Hannah  
                                          a.   Action: Vote on Independent Review of Case No.  
                                               EC2024-1186  
                                 2.   EC2024-0675 Ricardo Surpris   
                                          a.   Action: Vote on Independent Review of Case No.  
                                               EC2024-0675  
                                 3.   CN2024-138 Haley Colbert   
                                          a.    Action: Vote on Independent Review of Case No.  
                                               CN2024-138   
                       iii.   Case Review  
                       iv.   Case Update   
               d.  Chairman Report                                      (Chairman John Mark Davidson)  
               e.   CPOB Member Attendance   

                                                              
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                             
  

                         i.   Dallas City Code, Section 8-20(c): "A member of a Board that meets  
                            monthly,  who  is  absent  from  more  than  25  percent  of  the  regular  
                            meetings during any 12-month period, whether excused or not, shall  
                            forfeit membership on the Board."  
               f.  Consideration and Approve of Annual Report Due February 1  
                         i.   Action: Vote on CPOB Annual Report                    
               g.  CPOB Standing Subcommittees Reports  
                         i.   Policy                                                                                  (C. Higgins)   
                        ii.   Rules                                                                        (A. Grinter - Allen)   
                        iii.   Board Training                                                         (L. Gilbert - Smith)   
                       iv.   Community Engagement                                                     (J. Maples)   
               h.  Report from Internal Affairs Division (IAD)             (Major Anthony Greer)  
 XII.     Monthly Activity Reports   
               a.   DPD Monthly Arrest by Council District    
               b.   External Administrative Complaints  
XIII.     Upcoming Meeting and Events   
               a.   Next Generation Action Network 10 Year Anniversary Gala   
                         i.   Thursday, January 16, 2025, at 6:00 PM and will take place at Gilley’s  
                             Dallas, 1135 Botham Jean Boulevard, Dallas, TX.   
               b.   43rd Annual MLK, Jr. Day Parade: January 18, 2025    
               c.   District 3 Senior Focus Group Meeting   
                         i.   Tuesday, January 21, 2PM – 3PM at District 3 Office, 5801 Marvin D  
                             Love Fwy (Wells Fargo Bldg.), Suite 410, Dallas, TX 75237   
               d.   Southwest Region of the National Black Law Students Association  
                   Regional Convention at Dallas Marriott Downtown, 650 N. Pearl St., Dallas,  
                   TX, 75201  
                         i.   Director Panel Confirmation: Speaker for "Black and Blue: Civil  
                            Rights Issues in Policing" panel scheduled for Saturday, January 25,  
                            2025, at 2:00 PM.  
               e.   CPOB Monthly Meetings:   
                         i.   February 11, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers   
                        ii.   March 11, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers  
                        iii.   April 8, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers  
                       iv.   May 13, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers  
                        v.   June 10, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers  
                       vi.   August 12, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers  
                       vii.   September 9, 2025, 5:30 pm, 6EN Council Chambers  
XIV.      Public Comment/Open Microphone (Three Minutes Per Person)  
 XV.      Board Members Comments  
XVI.      Adjournment   

 Materials Provided:  
      x   December 10, 2024, Regular Meeting Minutes  
      x   CPOB Annual Report  
      x   Accountability and Transparency Dashboard Memo  
      x   Accountability and Transparency Dashboard Presentation Memo   
      x   Legislative Briefing Memo   

                                                             
  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                                                                  
 

     x    Legislative Updates  
     x    Independent Review Request Forms  
     x    DPD Monthly Arrest by Council District   
     x    Monthly External Administrative Complaint Memo  
     x    Monthly External Administrative Complaint Chart  
     x    Recommendation For Additional Language to IAD's Complaint Intake Process  
     x    CPOB Fiscal Year 24-25 Schedule – Updated 12/20/24  
     x    New OCPO and CPOB Poster      
  
CPOB FY24-25 Subcommittees                                            

Policy Subcommittee  
     x    Chair: Changa Higgins  
     x    Vice-Chair: Deatra Wadsworth  
     x    Members: Ozzie Smith, Judge C. Lander, David Kitner, Brandon Freidman  

Rules Subcommittee  
     x    Chair: Alison Grinter-Allen  
     x    Vice-Chair: Judge C. Lander  
     x    Members: Brian Bah, Derric Pegram  

Board Training Subcommittee  
     x    Chair: Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith  
     x    Vice-Chair: Arlene Steinfeld  
     x    Members: Brian Bah, Changa Higgins, Derric Pegram  

Community Engagement Subcommittee  
     x    Chair: Jonathan Maples  
     x    Vice-Chair: Derric Pegram  
     x    Members: John Mark Davidson and Jennifer King  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

                          Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

  "Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
  licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
  property with a concealed handgun."  

  "De conformidad con la Sección 30.06 del Código Penal (intrusión ilegal por parte del titular de una licencia  
  con un arma de fuego oculta), una persona con licencia según el Subcapítulo H, Capítulo 411, Código de  
  Gobierno (ley de licencia de armas de fuego), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con un arma de fuego  
  oculta".  

                                                                  
 

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                                                                           
 

  "Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
  person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
  enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

  "De conformidad con la Sección 30.07 del Código Penal (intrusión ilegal por parte del titular de una licencia  
  con un arma de mano abierta), una persona con licencia según el Subcapítulo H, Capítulo 411, Código de  
  Gobierno (ley de licencia de armas de fuego), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola que se  
  porte abiertamente. "  

  "Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
  other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

  "De conformidad con la Sección 46.03 del Código Penal (lugares donde están prohibidas las armas), una  
  persona no puede portar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propiedad".  

                                                      EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

    A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
                                                                    following:  

  1.    seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
       which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of  
       the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  
  2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
       have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
       §551.072]  
  3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
       would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
       §551.073]  
  4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
       officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
       employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.074]  
  5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex.  
       Govt. Code §551.076]  
  6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect  
       that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting  
       economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business  
       prospect. [Tex Govt. Code §551.087]  
  7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
       security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
       infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

  

                                                                           
 
