----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

 RECEIVED                                                    REVISED 

           -6 PH 6: 54 
                                                                                                        Puf,fic Notice  
CITY SECRETARY  
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                               2  4  0  8  4  2 

                                                                                                                     CITY SECRETARY 
                                                                                                      POSTED  
                                                                                                                     DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  

                                                       CITY OF  DALLAS  

                                     COMMUNITY POLICE OVERSIGHT BOARD  

                                                     REGULAR MEETING  

                                         Tuesday,  September  10, 2024 - 5:30 PM  

                                   There are three ways to attend and participate:  

                                     1.  In Person:  Dallas City  Hall,  6EN  Council Chambers 
                                                         2.  Video  Link Online: 
                       https://dallascityhall.webex.com/dallascityhall/j.php?MTID=m7d2907bee5a7aead  
                                           a38bdbabd67232be Panelist Code:  CPOB2024  
                                 3.  Telephone:  408-418-9388 Access Code:  2490 903 7855 

    The      City     of    Dallas     will    make       Reasonable      La     Ciudad       de     Dallas     llevara     a     cabo  
    Accommodations/Modifications  to  programs  and/or  other             Adecuaciones/Modificaciones          Razonables       a   los  
    related  activities  to  ensure  any  and  all  residents  have       programas  y/u  otras  actividades  relacionadas  para  
    access  to  services  and  resources  to  ensure  an  equitable       asegurar  que  todos  y  cada  uno  de   los  residentes  
    and  inclusive  meeting.  Anyone  requiring   auxiliary   aid,        tengan    acceso    a   los  servicios   y  recurses    para  
    service,   and/or   translation    to   fully  participate   in   the  asegurar  una reunion equitativa e inclusiva.  
    meeting  should  notify  the  Office  of  Community   Police          Cualquier      persona      que    requiera     asistencia  
    Oversight  by calling  (214)  671-8283,  three  (3)  business         adicional,  servicio  y/o  interpretacion  para  poder  
    days prior  to the  scheduled  meeting.  A  video  stream  of         participar  de  forma   fntegra  en  la  reunion  debe  
    the  meeting  will  be  available  twenty-four  (24)  hours after   notificar  a  Office  of  Community Police  Oversight  
    adjournment                         by                      visiting  llamando  al  (214)  671-8283,   tres  (3)  dfas   habiles  
                                                        
    https://dallastx.new swaqit.com/views/113.                            antes de la reunion programada. Una transmision en  
                                                                          video   de  la   reunion   estara   disponible   dos   dfas  
    Individuals  and  interested  parties   wishing  to  speak  must  
                                                                          habiles  luego  de  la finalizacion  de  la  reunion  en  
    register  with  the  Office  of  Community  Police  Oversight  at  
                                                                          https://dallastx .new.swag it. com/views/113 .  
    Dallascityhall.com/OCPO  or  call  (214)  671-8283,  twenty­ 
    four  (24)  hours prior to the  meeting date and time.                Las  personas  y  las  partes  interesadas   que  deseen  
                                                                          hacer uso de la palabra deben  registrarse  en Office of  
                                                                          Community         Police      Oversight       en      en lace  
                                                                          Dallascityhall.com/OCPO  o  llamando  al  (214)   671- 
                                                                          8283,   veinticuatro  (24)   horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y  
                                                                          horario de  la reunion.  

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

BOARD MEMBERS: Chair John Mark Davidson - District 15, Aswad Smith - District 1, Jonathan E 
Maples - District 2, Walter Higgins - District 3,  Loren Gilbert-Smith - District 4, Brian Bah,  District 5, 
Derric Pegram - District 6,  Chauncey Lander - District 8, Arlene Steinfield - District 11, Deatra 
Wadsworth - District 12,  David Kitner - District 13 and Brandon Friedman - District 14. 

STAFF:  Director Michele Andre,  Mediation Manager Christopher Clark,  Senior Outreach Specialist 
Kevin A Williams,  Policy Analyst Siara Montoya Obasuyi, and Temporary Eric Meister 

The City of Dallas  Office of Community  Police  Oversight (OCPO)  is dedicated  to addressing 
complaints against Dallas Police Department officers.  The OCPO's primary function is to monitor 
DPD investigations of external administrative complaints or critical incidents,  oversee mediations; 
independently investigate administrative investigations upon the conclusion of an internal  affairs 
investigation (case disposition and discipline);         review findings of internal affairs investigations or 
investigations of critical incidents and report the findings to the board; provide support services to the 
board such as aiding the board and the technical resource panel in their work; and assist the board 
with  preparing reports.     The OCPO does not represent complainants or assist in any monetary 
recovery or other damages sought by a complainant. 

La Oficina de Supervision de la Policia Comunitaria de la Ciudad de Dallas (OCPO,  por sus siglas 
en ingles) se dedica a atender las quejas contra los oficiales del Departamento de Policia de Dallas. 
La  funci6n  principal     de  la  OCPO  es  supervisar las  investigaciones  del            DPD  sobre  quejas 
administrativas externas o  incidentes criticos,  supervisar las mediaciones;              investigar de manera 
independiente las investigaciones administrativas al concluir una investigaci6n de asuntos internos 
(disposici6n del  caso y medidas disciplinarias);  revisar los hallazgos de las investigaciones de 
asuntos internos o las investigaciones de incidentes criticos e informar los hallazgos a  la junta; 
proporcionar servicios de apoyo a la Junta Directiva, como ayudar a la Junta Directiva y al Panel de 
Recurses Tecnicos en su trabajo;  y ayudar a la junta directiva en la preparaci6n de informes.  La 
OCPO no representa a los demandantes ni ayuda en ninguna recuperaci6n monetaria u otros danos 
solicitados por un demandante. 

Community Police Oversight Board Meeting Agenda                       Tuesday, September 10, 2024 

    I.  Call To Order & Roll Call                                     Chairman John Mark Davidson 
   II.   Public Comment  / Open Microphone 
  111.  Approval Of August 13, 2024 Minutes 
 IV.    Staff Reports / Briefings 
            A.   Update on Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) Director Search 
                 (Interim City Manager Kimberly Bizor Tolbert) 
                     I.    Interim City Manager appointed Michele Andre as the Director of the Office 
                           of Community Police Oversight. Michele began her tenure with the City of 
                           Dallas on Tuesday, September 3, 2024. 
             B.  Update on City Council Charter Proposed Amendment (Chairman John Mark 
                 Davidson) 
            C.  Officer Darron Burks Memorial (IAD Major, Anthony Greer) 
             D.  Critical Incident from August 29, 2024 (Policy Analyst,  Siara Obasuyi) 

                                                          2 

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

 D.  Critical  Incident from August 29, 2024 (Policy Analyst,            Siara Obasuyi) 
          I.   Officer Darron  Burks was stationed  in his police vehicle at the  900 
               block of Ledbetter Drive in Dallas when he was assaulted  and fatally 
               shot by an assailant.       Upon  intercepting  the  distressing      occurrence 
               through  radio  communication,        a  call for assistance  was  broadcast. 
               Subsequently,     a substantial   number of law enforcement units heeded 
               the call and found Officer Burks wounded  inside his patrol  car.           During 
               the ensuing exchange of gunfire,  two additional officers,  namely Officer 
               Jamie Farmer and  Officer Karissa  David,           sustained    injuries.  Officer 
               David,   in critical  condition,  was promptly transported  to the hospital 
               and is currently in recovery The perpetrator absconded from the scene 
               and    was    pursued     into  Lewisville    by   law  enforcement       officers, 
               culminating  in a confrontation  on the northbound            lane of 135E.    The 
               perpetrator exited their vehicle  brandishing  a long firearm and was 
               ultimately shot and killed by Dallas officers. 
                 1.   Memo Attachment 
E.   Critical  Incidents Update 
                 1.  Memo Attachment 
F.  Status on Requests and Updates (Policy Analyst,                Siara Obasuyi) 
          I.   72 Hours BWC Release Policy Clarification 
                 1.   In case of an officer-involved shooting,  the Fire Discharge Review 
                     Team has 72 hours to brief the Chief of Police and the Director of 
                     the Office of Community Police Oversight. They must also release 
                     video footage related to the incident to the public. The Director of 
                     the  Office of Community Police Oversight is allowed to attend 
                     witness  interviews from a  separate  room or observe on-scene 
                     investigations.   They can also take part in preliminary briefings about 
                      DPD critical  incidents and review relevant evidence.  Additionally, 
                     the Director may meet with the Chief of Police to  discuss the 
                     investigation and provide feedback. The Media Relations Unit will 
                     give the Director a copy of any publicly released  video footage 
                     related to a DPD Critical Incident. 
                          a.  Memo Attachment 
         II.   Update on Community Police Oversight Complaint Dashboard 
                 1.  The Interim Director of OCPO has finished creating the Community 
                     Police  Oversight  Complaint  Dashboard.           Director Andre  had  a 
                     meeting with the Data Analytics & Business Intelligence team on 
                     Tuesday to discuss the dashboard and will collaborate with the team 
                     to enhance the dashboard by adding features, filling in missing data, 
                     improving the online complaint form, and integrating a new online 
                     complaint form  into  the  dashboard.          With  these  updates,     the 
                     dashboard is scheduled to be published on the OCPO website by 
                     the end of the year. The dashboard will contain comprehensive data 
                     on the number of complaints,         their outcomes,     and geographical 
                     impact, as well as information on race,  gender, and age. 
G.  New Business 
         I.    CPOB Retreat 

                                           3 

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                             1.  Due to the absence of a retreat in the current fiscal year, our aim 
                                 is to organize one in the forthcoming fiscal year,  capitalizing  on 
                                 the recent appointment of a permanent director. 
  V.     Reports 
             A.  DPD Monthly Arrest Data for August 
             B.  Monthly Activity Report 
                      I.   Attachments: 
                             1.  Monthly Activity Report Memo 
                             2.  Monthly Activity Chart 
                             3.  Monthly Complaint Summaries 
             C.  Community Outreach Presentation 
                      I.   Memo and PowerPoint Attachments 
 VI.     Upcoming Meeting and Events 
             A.  October 8, 2024,  5:30 pm CPOB Meeting at Dallas City Hall Council 
                 Chambers,    Room 6EN 
             B.  October 13- 17. 2024 Annual  NACOLE Conference - Thirty Years of 
                 NACOLE Progress.        Preservation.   Perseverance. 
 VII.    Public Comment/Open  Microphone 
VIII.    Adjournment 

                                                     4 

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                             Handgun  Prohibition.  Notice tor Meetings atGovernmental Entities 

 "Pursuant to Section 30.06,  Penal Code (trespass  by license holder with a concealed handgun),                  a person licensed 
 under Subchapter  H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun  licensing law),  may not enter this property with a 
 concealed  handgun." 

 "De acuerdo con la secci6n 30.06 del c6digo pena_I  (ingreso sin autorizaci6n  de un titular de una licencia con una 
 pistol oculta),  una persona con licencia seg(m el subcapitulo h,  capitulo 411, c6digo del gobiemo (ley sobre licencias 
 para portar pistolas),   no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  con una pistola oculta." 

 "Pursuant to Section  30.07,  Penal  Code (trespass          by license  holder with an openly  carried handgun),         a person 
 licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government  Code (handgun  licensing  law), may not enter this property 
with a handgun  that is carried openly." 

 "De acuerdo  con la secci6n 30.07 del c6digo penal (ingreso  sin autorizaci6n de un titular de una  licencia con una 
 pistola a la vista),  una persona con licencia seg(m el subcapitulo           h,  capitulo 411, c6digo del goblerno (ley sobre 
 licencias para portar pistolas),    no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  con una pistola a la vista." 

 "Pursuant to Section  46.03,  Penal  Code  (places weapons  prohibited),           a person  may not carry a firearm or other 
weapon into any open meeting on this property." 

 "De confonnidad  con la Secci6n 46.03,  C6digo  Penal (coloca armas prohibidas),               una persona  no puede  llevar un 
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna  reunion abierta en esta  propriedad." 

                                                  EXECUTIVE SESSION  NOTICE 

 A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following 

     seeking the advice of its attomey about pending or contemplated litigation,  settlement offers, or any matter in which the 
     duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas  Disciplinary Rules of Professional  Conduct of the State Baro 
     Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act  [Tex  Govt Code $551 0711 

2.   deliberatng the purchase,  exchange,  lease,  or value of real property if deliberaton in an open meeting would have a 
     detrimental  effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third  person  [Tex Govt Code $551 072] 

3    deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospectve gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would 
     have a detrimental  effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person     [Tex Govt  Code $551.073] 

4    deliberatng the appointment,     employment evaluation,  reassignment,       duties discipline  or dismissal of a public officer 
     or employee,  or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the 
     subject of the deliberaton or hearing requests a public hearing  [Tex  Govt  Code $551.074] 

5    deliberating the deployment,  or specific occasions for implementation of security  personnel or devices [Tex  Govt Code 
     §551 076] 

6    discussing or deliberating  commercial  or financial informaton that the city has received  from a business  prospect that 
    the city seeks to have locate  stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic development 
     negotatons.  or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business  prospect [Tex Govt  Code 551 087] 

7   deliberatng  security  assessments  or deployments  relating  to  informaton  resources           technology,   network  security 
     information or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel,  critical infrastructure, or 
    security devices  [Tex  Govt  Code $551.089] 

                                                                   3 

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

                 Community  Police  Oversight  Board 
                 Meeting Minutes Agenda Items 

  The Community Police Oversight Board meetings are recorded  Agenda matenals and recordings may be 
  reviewed copied by contacting the Board Coordinator at 214-671-82x83 

  Meeting Date;          August 13th, 2024 

  Convened:              $ 38 pm 

  Adjourned:             9-18pm 

  Board Members present:                                                 Board Members Absent 

Ozz1e Smith - District l                                        Jose Rivas - District 7 

Jonathan E Maples -District 2                                    Vacant - D1stet IO 

Changa Higgins - District 3                                      Dad Kitner - D1stnct 13 

Dr Loren Gilbert-Smith - District 4 

Bran Bah - DIstnet 5 

Deric Pegram - District 6 

Judge Lander-District 8 

Alison Grinter Allen - Dstre1 9 

Arlene Steinfeld - DIstnet I 

Deatra Wadsworth - D1stet I? 

Brandon Fnedman -DIstret I4 

John Mark Davidson, Chairman - Dys1net 15 

  Call  to Order & Roll Call- Chairman John Mark Davidson 
  Public Comment (Mmutes and Action items)  Open Microphone 
        Delons Philips (matenals gven to the Board) 

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

 I Approval ofMinutes 

         Dr Gilbert Smith, Distnct 4 Motioned for Approval.  Deatra Wadsworth. 
         Distnct 12: Seconded. Oral Vote. Unanimous Approval. Motion passed 

Dr.  Loren Gilbert-Smith, District 4; 1\llotion to Suspend the Rules pertaining 
to the Agenda Order to Accommodate for Guest Presenters. David Kitner, 
District 13; Seconded. Oral Vote. Unanimous Approval. Motion Passed. 

Chairman Davidson moves to suspend the rules, Alison Gnnter Allen. District 9 
motions and Judge Lander. District 8 seconds to suspend the rules to allow the 
introduction of the new IAD Major Greer 

III  Staff Reports Briefings 

G  Report Introduction ofthe New LAD Major [Chairman Davidson] 

         Mayor Greer introduced himselfto CPOB as the new head of IAD 

II  Action Items - No actuon items on agenda 

III  Staff Reports Bnefings 

A.  Update     Lane Investigation- City       Manager Review  Outcome [Chairman 
Davidson] 

Changa Higgins,  District 3, asked for a representative from DPD that handles 
sensitivity  training and other reprimands to come and speak to the board in the 
future to clanfy what those actions amount to 

Director  Chandler  spoke  to  Code  Enforcement  and  there  is  a  plan  being 
developed that there will be an update for mn the future 

Jonathan Maples, Distnct 2, and Judge Lander, Distnct 8  seconded Mr Higgin's 
concerns of not knowing exactly what sort of sensitivity training the officers go 
through,  and officers not being aware of the exact laws concerning disabled 
indrv duals 

                                                     2 

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

B Report:  Critical Incident June 28, 2024 [OCPO Policy Analyst, Siara Obasuyi] 

Dr.  Gilbert-Smith, District 4.  asked about officer training when dealing with 

mental  health incidents and de-escalation tactics.   IAD Major Greer responded 

with  the explanation that  all officers do go through training on dealing with 

mental  health cases,  and that the Right Care team exists for situations where 

there is a non-violent mnc1dent 

Ozzie Smith, District  l gave a commendation for Officer Renard for keeping 

calm and collected and doing a good job with extracting the woman from the 

situation. He then asked Major Greer about policies and training around the use 

of profanity  and language during situations where de-escalation is necessary 

Major Greer spoke on the points of de-escalation training:  time distance,  and 

cover 

Chairman Davidson spoke on wanting more information on the $0 minutes of 

tmme that was cut out from the video shown, and how the incident escalated 

Questions were asked about the board recervmng videos of critical incidents, the 

process will be clarified by the office further following this meeting. including 

updating the board SharePoint 

   Report. Cntical Incident July 4, 2024 [OCPO Mediation Manager.          Clark] 

Brandon Friedman,  District  14, states that  it appears that the officer shoots an 

unarmed man. though it all happened very fast  He states that it appears that the 

suspect was in compliance with the officer s orders  Derrc Pegram seconds th1s 

opinion, and also comments on the officer not having the vest and BWC 

Jonathan Maples,  District 2, asks about the undercover cops surveillance of the 

area 

Judge  Lander District  8,  asked about OCPO's conclusory decision  on th1s 

incident  Chnstopher Clark. OCPO Mediation Manager,  stated that we do not 

have a conclusion at the moment, and believes that th1s mnc1dent needs to be more 

thoroughly investigated before grving a statement 

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

Changa Higgins, District 3, pointed out that aid did not seem to be rendered 

swiftly and that there was a lot of standing around. 

Alison Grinter Allen. District 8, makes a motion for OCPO to keep track of and 

report back to the board about Items 3c and 3d.        Jonathan Maples. Distnct 2. 

seconds Motion passed unanimously 

D Report: Critical Incident July 25, 2024 [OCPO Policy Analyst Siara Obasuy] 

Alison Grinter Allen, District 8, brought up concerns about the suspect being l7 

and underaged, concerned about confidentiality laws.      She also asked about if the 

use of deadly  force was justified in this situation  Jonathan Maples,  District 2, 

seconded. 

Commendations were grven on the care that the officers provided following the 

shooting 

Changa Higgins.  Distnct 3. asked Director Chandler about OCPO's questioning 
of DPD 1to cntcal incidents  Director Chandler stated that the Director is the 

only  one able to respond to a cntucal  incident but that we are able to still  ask 

questions through IAD  Motion made to get an update on the 72 hour policy for 

questioning of officers, and an amendment for OCPO to log when questions are 
asked.  Judge Lander seconds.  Amendment passed unanimously  Motion passes 

unanimously 

E   Report  Jefferson Independent Investigaton       Investigative Findings  [OCPO 

Policy  Analyst, S1ara Obasuy1] 

OCPO Policy  Analyst updated CPOB on the findings following the investugation 

of Kymberly     Jefferson s  case  as voted on by   the board mn September 2023 

Allegations    included   excessive    force,  wrongful    arrest, stolen   property. 
intimidation, and failure to carry  out a civil standby   Ms Jefferson's complaint 

was grouped with another complamnt by her son  IAD concluded that there was 

no policy   violation  OCPO is unable to establish a violation of departmental 

policies.  and  recommends  reviewing  the  process        in  which  IAD  groups 

complaints  together  OCPO believes  that  Ms        Jefferson  deserves  a  separate 

response from DPD regarding her own complamt 

Judge Lander,   D1strict  8, makes a motion for a letter of policy recommendation 

to be sent to IAD for each individual  complaint that  is received is investigated 

                                                  4 

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

 individually,  seconded  by  Alison  Grinter  Allen.  District       9.  Motion  passes 

 unanimously. 

 F Update OCPO Director Search [Chairman Davidson] 

 Chairman Davidson updated the board on the current status ofthe hiring process 

of the new OCPO Director Candidates were interviewed in Dallas on August lst 

On August I6th, it will be narrowed down to 2 candidates And the selection will 

be made by the City Manager on August 23rd  The start date is yet to be 

determined. 

Changa Higgins.,    Distnct 3. brought up concerns that Dallas Police Association 

had their own panel with the candidates. which he was not aware ofup until the 

day of He also brought up the concern that Chief Garcia was a part of one of the 

panels, and that it feels hike a conflict of interest 

 'pdate Proposal of City Charter Amendment [Chairman Davidson] 

Chairman Davidson opened the floor for all board members to speak about the 

feelings  from each board member on the proposed amendment to move the 

OCPO Director underneath Dallas City Council 

Ozze Smith. Distnct I- In favor ofproposal 

Jonathan Maples. Distnct 2 - In favor ofproposal 

Changa Hggins.      District 3 - In favor ofproposal 

Dr Loren Gilbert Smith.     Distct 4- In favor ofproposal 

Bnan Bah. District 5 -  In favor ofproposal 

Dern Pegram, Distnct6 - In favor of proposal 

Judge Lander.,  District 8- In favor ofproposal 

Alison Grinter Allen. District 9 - In favor of proposal 

Arlene Steinfeld. Distnct I     - In favor of proposal 

Deatra Wadsworth.     District 12 - Not mn favor of proposal 

Brandon Friedman. District I4 - In favor ofproposal 

John Mark Davidson. District I5 (Chairman) - In favor ofproposal 

H. Report DPD Monthly Arrest Data - May. June, & July [Chairman Davidson] 

Jonathan Maples.  District 2. pointed out the dispanty in arrests with the black 

population in Dallas Alison Grinter Allen, District 9. and Judge Lander. Distct 

                                                     5 

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

8,  second this and pomnt out  that  there is an overwhelming representation of 

minorities in the arrest data,  and that needs to be looked at with more scrutiny 

Mediation  Manager  Christopher Clark  brought  up  the  idea  of having the 

members of DPD that put together the data come to speak to the board. 

IV OCPO Office Updates & Monthly Activity Report 

Chairman Davidson updated the board that Jose Rivas, District 7. has submitted 

his resignation from the board. 

 A. Monthly Activity Report [OCPO Mediation Manager C  Clark] 

V UPCOMING MEETING               September 10th, 2024 

        Judge Lander,  D1strict 8; Motion to Adjoum Meeting.Ozzie Smith, District l; Seconded. 

        Oral Vote.  Unanimously passed 

Meeting Adjourned 9: 18 pm. 

             Office ofCommunity Police Oversight 
               Chairman John Mark Davidson 

                                                6 

----------------------- Page 12-----------------------

        Memorandum Item 4 (d) 

    ow September 5, 2024                                                    CITY OF DALLAS 

     to Members of the Community Police Oversight Board 

 souseCritical Incident 2024-005 August 29, 2024, Officer involved Shooting 

        At approximately 10:02 p.m. on Thursday, August 29th, Corey Cobb-Bey entered 
the parking lot of the For Oak Cliff Community Center located in the 900 block of East 
Ledbetter Drive. Shortly after, Officer Darron Burks arrived at the scene in a marked 
patrol vehicle and was subsequently approached by Cobb-Bey. Cobb-Bey then pulled 
out a handgun and fatally shot Officer Burks. 

        The dispatcher detected an abnormal transmission from Officer Burks' radio and 
attempted to contact him without success. At 10:10 pm, units were dispatched to assist 
an officer in distress.  Upon arrival, responding officers discovered Officer Burks fatally 
wounded in his patrol vehicle. Officers Jamie Farmer and Karissa David, who were both 
responding to the scene, were injured in the ensuing exchange of gunfire with Cobb- 
Bey. Officer Farmer sustained a gunshot wound to the leg, while Officer David was 
struck in the face. Armed with a shotgun, Cobb-Bey then fled the scene in a white 
Buick. 

        Followed by responding patrol officers, at 10:35 pm, the pursuit of Cobb-Bey 
entered Lewisville, ending in the northbound lane of Interstate 35E at 10:38 pm. Cobb- 
Bey exited the vehicle, holding a long gun, when Dallas Police officers fatally shot him. 
He was pronounced deceased at the scene. Preliminary investigations suggest that the 
attack may have been premeditated due to relevant information from Cobb-Bey's social 
media. 

        Officer Jamie Farmer was released from the hospital Friday afternoon and 
Officers Karissa David is in critical condition but is listed as stable. 

Siara Obasuyi 
Policy Analyst,  Office of Community Police Oversight 

Cc:  City Manager's Office 

----------------------- Page 13-----------------------

        Memorandum Item 4(e) 

   ow   September 6, 2024                                                         CITY OF DALLAS 

    ro  Members of the Community Police Oversight Board 

sec Critical Incident Update (2024-002, 2024-003, 2024-004) 

Critical Incident Updates: 

    •   June 28, 2024 - Critical Incident 2024-002 
        The investigation is still pending with the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) Additional 
        information will be provided as it becomes available. 
    •   July 4, 2024 - Critical Incident 2024-003 
        The investigation is still pending with SIU. Additional  information will be provided as it 
        becomes available. 
    •   July 25,  2024 - Critical Incident 2024-004 
        The investigation is still pending with SIU. Additional  information will be provided as it 
        becomes available. 

Siara Obasuyi 
Policy Analyst,  Office of Community Police Oversight 

Cc: City Manager's Office 

----------------------- Page 14-----------------------

        Memorandum Item 4 (f.1) 

   ow   September 5 2024                                                          CITY OF DALLAS 

        Members of the Community Police Oversight Board 

suet DPD Officer Involved Shooting 72-Hour Policy/ OCPO Interview Process 

In the event of an officer-involved shooting the Firearms Discharge Review Team (FDRT) has 
72 hours to bref the Chief of Police  the Director of the Office of Community Police Oversight 
(OCPO) and to publicly release video footage related to the critical incident 
The Director of OCPO may participate in the following ways 

    •   Attend witness interviews from a separate room 
    •   Observe on-scene investigations 
    •   Participate in preliminary briefings related to DPD critical incidents 
    •   Review relevant evidence 
    •   Meet with the Chief of Police to discuss the investigation and provide feedback 

Additionally, the Media  Relations  Unit will  provide the  Director with a  copy of any publicly 
released video footage related to a DPD critical incident 

Cited DPD General Orders: 

317.07 Firearms Discharge Review Team (FORT) 
A The  Firearms  Discharge  Review Team  is  established to  review  and  provide an  initial 
evaluation based on facts known at the time of incidents of intentional and accidental firearm 
discharge by any member of the Dallas Police Department They will also review other incidents 
as requested by the Chief of Police  The main purpose will be to prevent similar situations from 
occurring in the future  Incidents occurring while members are acting within the scope of their 
employment with the City of Dallas either on or off duty will be subject to review 
B   The objective of the Firearms Discharge Review is to  bnef the Chief of Police and the 
Director of the Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) concerning firearms discharge or 
other incidents as ordered by the Chief of Police based on the following 

    •   1  Adequacy of policy 
    •   2  Adequacy of training 
    •   3  Adequacy of equipment 
    •   4  Adequacy of supervision 

 C. The Firearms Discharge Review Team 
1  Will be comprised of the following members 

    •   a  A major designated by the Chief of Police to serve as the FDRT chairperson 
    •   b A lieutenant from the Special Investigations Unit 
    •    c A lieutenant from the Internal Affairs Division 

----------------------- Page 15-----------------------

    •   d  A lieutenant from the In-Service Training staff and the Departmental Range Master 
        e  If the above members are not available substitutions will be made by the respective 
        Division Commanders 

2  Will meet to discuss the incident when called by the FDRT chairperson 
3  Will only be concerned with adequacy of issues listed in 371 06 (B) and not procedural 
violations 
4.  Will  be  prepared  to  brief the Chief of Police  and the  Director of the  Office  of 
Community Police Oversight within 72-hours of the incident. 
5  Will provide a final review after all criminal and administrative investigations of the incident 
are completed 

317.08  DPD Critical      Incident  Monitoring  by  Director of Office  of Community  Police 
Oversight 
A  The Chief of Police shall provide the Community Police Oversight Board and the Director of 
the Office of Community Police Oversight timely notification of all DPD critical incidents 
 B   The  Director of the  Office  of Community  Police  Oversight  may  monitor the criminal 
investigation of any DPD Critical Incident 

    •    1  The Director may attend or observe any portion of the on-scene investigation 
    •   2   The  Director may  participate in preliminary  briefings  relating to the  DPD critical 
        incident 
    •   3  The Director may observe witness interviews (from a separate room) 
    •   4   The Director may  review documentary  and  physical  evidence           including  relevant 
        police data of any criminal investigation of a DPD Critical Incident 
    •   5  The Director may meet with the Chief of Police throughout the criminal investigation to 
        ask  questions  and  discuss  any  areas  of concern  identified  while  monitoring  the 
        investigation 
    •   6   Before the conclusion of a  criminal  investigation of a  DPD Critical        Incident the 
        Director may meet with the Chief of Police to hear preliminary findings and provide 
        feedback about the investigatory process  The Director may provide the Chief of Police 
        with a recommendation on the outcome of the criminal investigation 
    •   7  The Media Relations Unit will provide the Director with a copy of any publicly released 
        video recording related to a DPD Critical Incident 

Siara Obasuyi 
Policy Analyst Office of Community Police Oversight 

Cc City Manager s Office 

----------------------- Page 16-----------------------

                                        Dallas Police Department General Order 
  317.00 Officer Involved Shootings or Other Critical Incidents Resulting in Serious Injury 
                                                                 or Death 
                                                                                                                           Revised 08/24/202I 

317.06 Administrative Investigation 

                 The Internal Attars Dison wti be called to the scene of any discharge of a firearm by a Dallas police officer At the 
                 point when the assigned investigative unit determines that existing evidence presently indicates a likelihood of no 
                 cnminal culpability by the involved employee who did, or may have caused, serous injury or death of another person, 
                 such employee whi be instructed to report to the Internal Affairs Dison at a time to be determined by the Internal 
                Attars detective 
           B     In the case where the Speca Investigations Unit of the Investigations Dvision does not assume responsibility tor the 
                 investigation, the Internal Affairs  Dison will conduct  an administrative investigation and  produce a shooting 
                 summary Internal  Affairs must receive a Request for Control        Number signed by an involved employee's assistant 
                 chef The Internal Afars Division will conduct an administrative investigation in any of the cases listed in Section 
                 31701A1.a c, and e, which occur inside or outside the Dallas city limits 
           C     Officers accidentally discharging a firearm that does not result m n physical injury,  or property damage, wll  be placed 
                 on Restncteo Duty angiven a morfed work assignment at the direction of ther Assistant Chief Officers will then 
                 be required to attend ano pass an 8-hour remedial freams tramming class provided by the Frears Training Center 
                 before performing any armeo police relateo duty  The Firearms Training Center will make it a pnonity to provide this 
                 training to the officer in a timely manner The Frearms Training Center w) provide a memorandum to the respective 
                Assistant Chef of Polce stating the officer has successfully completed the tramming 
           D     In cases where only an administrative investigation is conducted the ranking Internal Attars Division detective will be 
                 m n charge of the overall investigation 
           E     In addition to the involveo officer being placed on Restricted Duty witness officers to a death-in-custody incident or a 
                 shooting that leads to death or any incident that results in serous physical injury of an individual may be placed by 
                 his or her Dison Commander on administratve hours of 8:00 a.m -5.00 p.m  Monday through Frday  If placed on 
                 those hours  they wlwork that schedule until the conclusion of the internal investgaton or until released by Internal 
                Affairs to return to regular duty hours         The purpose of the administrative hours schedule is to facilitate the 
                 completion of the internal investigation 
           r     While on Restnctea Duty or administratve hours  all leave time previously approved for involved or witness officers 
                 must be coordinated with the Intemal Affairs Dvsion detective and his or her supervisor 
           G     When the  involved officer and any witness officers subsequently report to the  Internal  Attars  Division,  the 
                 investigating detective will ssue an Amumustratve Warning and separate m nteruews wll  be conducted                   These 
                 interviews may be audio recorded, and rt so,  two tapes wl be made wth one being provided to the officer at the 
                 conclusion of the interview  A transcnpt of the interview will serve as the officer's Internal Statement  In such cases 
                the officer will be required to report at a later ate to review and sign a copy of the transcnpt          The officer will be 
                 provide0 a copy of the transcnpt    The officer may also be subsequently required to submit a detailed written Intemal 
                 Statement of the event 
           H     The Internal Affairs Division will determine if the use of force was justified by the orders of this Department  The 
                findings of the investigation will be summanzed in a Special Report to the Chef of Police 
                 Upon compieton of the Internal Attars investigation  the report will         be forwarded to the officer's Organizational 
                 Commander for chain-of-command  review            A  copy will also be forwarded to the Firearms  Discharge Review 
                 Cnarman 

317.07     Firearms Discharge Review Team (FORT) 

           A    The Firearms Discharge Review Team s established to review and provide an initial evaluation  based on facts 
                 known at the time,  of incidents of intentional and accidental firearm discharge by any member of the Dallas Police 
                 Department     They wli also review other incidents as requested by the Chief of Police The man purpose wt:  be to 
                 prevent similar situations from occurring m n the future   Incidents occurnng wile members are acting within the scope 
                of their employment wth the City of Dallas.    ether on or off duty will be subject to review 
           B    The objective of the Frearms Discharge Revew s to brief the Chet of Police and the Director of the Office of 
                 Community Poice Oversight (OCPO) concerning firearms discharge or other incidents as ordereo by the Chef of 
                 Police based on the following 
                 1    Adequacy of policy 
                2     Adequacy of tramnng 
                 3    Adequacy of equipment 
                4     Adequacy of supervision 
           C    The Firearms Discharge Review Team 
                 1    Will be comprised of the following members 
                      a    A mayor designated by the Chef of Police to serve as the FDRT chairperson 
                      b    A lieutenant from the Special Investigations Unit 
                      c    Alieutenant from the Internal Affars Duson 
                      0    A heutenant from the In-Serice Tramming staff and the Departmental Range Master 
                      e     If the  above  members  are  not      available    substitutions  will  be  made  by the  respective  Division 
                           Commanders 
                2     Will meet to discuss the incident when called by the FDRT chairperson 
                3     Will only be concerned wth adequacy of issues listed n 371 06 (B) and not procedural violations 
                4     Will be prepared to bref the Chet of Police and the Drector of the Office of Community Police Oversight within 
                      72-hours of the incident 
                5     Will provide a final review after all criminal and administrative investigations of the incident are completed 

----------------------- Page 17-----------------------

                                       Dallas Police Department General Order 
  317.00 Officer Involved Shootings or Other Critical Incidents Resulting in Serious Injury 
                                                                or Death 
                                                                                                                          Revised 08/24/2021 

317.08     DPD Critical Incident Monitoring by Director of Office of Community Police Oversight 

           A    The Chet of Police shall prode the Community Police Oversight Board and the Director of the Office of Community 
                 Police Oversight timely notification of al DPD critical  incidents 
           B    The Director of the Office of Community Police Oversight may monitor the criminal  investigation of any DPD Cntcal 
                 Incident 
                1     The Director may attend or observe any portion of the on-scene investigation 
                2     The Director may participate in preliminary brefngs relating to the DPD critical incident 
                3     The Director may observe witness interviews (from a separate room) 
                4     The Director may review documentary and physical  evidence  including relevant  police data,  of any criminal 
                      investigation of a DPD Critical  Incident 
                5     The Director may meet with the Chef of Police throughout the criminal  investigation to ask questions and 
                      dscuss any areas of concern identifed whie monitoring the investigation 
                6     Before the conclusion of a crmina investigation of a DPD Cntcal  Incident, the Director may meet with the Chief 
                      of Police to hear preliminary findings and provide feedback about the investigatory process          The Director may 
                      provide the Chef of Police with a recommendation on the outcome of the criminal investigation 
                7     The Media Relations Unit will provide the Director wth a copy of any publicly released video recording related to 
                      a DPD Critical Incident 

----------------------- Page 18-----------------------

      Memorandum Item 5(a) 

  ow  September 10. 2024                                                 CITY OF DALLAS 

      Members of the Community Police Oversight Board 

sos   DPD Monthly Arrest Data 

      Attached is the monthly arrest data requested by the Board for the month of August 
      2024  It was prepared by the Dallas Police Department Crime Analysis- GIS Team of 
      the DPD Research and Development Division 

      Chairman John Mark Davidson will lead the Board Presentation 

      Michele Andre 
      OCPO Director 

      CC City Manager's Office 

----------------------- Page 19-----------------------

                     Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                                                                       and Zip Code: Aug-2024 

                                                                                            .,..           tu            tr             ..,           Lu            0             p              o              0             o             .,..          N                            ¢                z 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              .,..          .,..           .,..          .,..          .,..             G 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ""' 
      NIBRS Crime                                                                           o              o             o             o              o             o              o             o              o                                                                                                Total 
                                                                                            V             V              a             V             V              V             V              V             V              o             o              o             o             o                > 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              V             V             V              V             V                 3 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0 

      ACCIDENT INV DAMAGE TO VEHICLE  >                                       OR 
                                                                                                1                                                                                                                                                                            1                                         2 
      EQUAL $200 

      ACCIDENT INVOLVING INJURY                                                                 1             1                                                                                                                                                                                                        2 

     AGG ASSAULT                    fV                                                         4              6              1             5             5             4              4             6              3             6                            1             2             2                          49 

     AGG ASSAULT                    NF                                                          1             9             4             4              3             9              7             2              3             5             4                                          5                          56 

    AL OTHER LARCENY                                                                           3              1             3             13             2             6              2              1             3                                                        1              1            1            37 

    I 
     AL OTHER OFFENSES                                                                         3             17             7              5             1            64             10             6             8              9             2              5             7             8             4           156 

     ANIMAL CRUELTV                                                                                           1                                                                                                                                                                                                        1 

     APOWW                                                                                    29             74            16            32             13            33            26             24             11            15            25            20             13            33             1           365 

     ARSON                                                                                                    2                                          1                                                                                                                                                             3 

     8t77ING,  WAGERING                                                                                                     2              1                                          3                                                                                                                                6 

      BURGLARY -BUS NESS                                                                                     4                            3                            3                            1                                                                                     2                          13        I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
    /BURGLARY RESIDENCE                                                                        1              1             2             1                            2              1             1                                          2                                                                     12 

    I 
     COUNTERFEITING                       FORGERY                                                                                                                      1                                                                                                                                               1 

     CREDIT CARD/ ATM FRAUD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1 

      DESTRUCTION,                 DAMAGE' VANDALISM OF 
                                                                                               1              1             1             1              1             1                            1                            3             3                            1             2                          16 
      PROP;RT 

     DISORDERLY CONDUCT                                                                        1             5             3              2                            1              1                            1             1             1                            1             5                          22 

     DRUG EQUIPMENT VIOLATIONS                                                                 1             9                            2                           ·+              ,             2                           2                            1              '             3                          33 
     DRUG NARCOTIC VIOLATIONS                                                                 10            26            20             37             15            $3            29             17             6             17             6             3             4            21              ,           265 
     DU                                                                                       8             18             4              3             2              9            10              ,             6              1            12             2             4             11             2            93 

     ASE PRETENSES/ SWINDLE CONF DENCE 
                                                                                               5             4             2              3             1              6             8              ,             3                            ,             1                            3                          38 
     GAME 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              i 

     FAM  Y         OFFENSES             NONVIOENT                                                           1                                                                                                                                                                                                        1 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 
     FONDLNG                                                                                   ,                                                        1                                                                                                                                               '             3 

     HUMAN RAFF CKING COMMERCIAL SEX                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I 
                                                                                                             1                                                                                                                                                                                                        1       ' 
     ACTS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ' 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 
     DENTIT HER"                                                                                             3             1             2                            2              2                                                                                     2              ,                          14 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 

    IMPERSONATION                                                                                            1                                                                                                                                                                                                        1       I 

   I 
      NTIMIDATON                                                                              2              2             5             7              4             d              5             6              '             4              '             2             2             4                           49 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 
     KIDNAPPING/ABDUCTION                                                                                                  1                                                                                                                                                                                          1 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 
      IQUOR AW VIOAT ONS                                                                                     1                                                         ,             2                                                                                                                                4       I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 
     MURDER 8 NONNEGIGENT 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1                                                                                                   1 
     MANSLAUGHTER 

     PROSTITUTION                                                                                                                                                                   4                                                                                                                                 4 

     PUB  NTOXICATON                                                                          6            20             4             13              1            28              7             2              3             3             6              5            10             17                         125 

     RAPE                                                                                     2              1                                                        2             2                                           1                                                                                     8 

     ROBBERY-BUSINESS                                                                                       3                                                         1                                                                                                                  2              1             7 

     ROBBERY INDIVIDUAL                                                                       1              1                                                        2                                           1            2                                                                                      7 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I 
    SHOPTFING                                                                                                1                           1              1             5                            1             3              1             4              1             7             4              1            30 

Source [GISDPD)[dbo][Arrestee Total24),[NIB8RS][dbo] [ArrestCharge24_By/CT                                                                                             /NIRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy                                                               9/1/2024 10.30 18AM 
                                                                                                                                                                        Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrat 

----------------------- Page 20-----------------------

                Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                                                   and Zip Code: Aug-2024 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                z 
                                                                                      tu                                 Luu         \0         p           00          0           o          e           ty         w           t 
                                                                           -                                                                                                        ...                                           ...           G 
                                                                                                  ""          "' 
                                                                          0           o           0           o          0           0           0           o          o 
                                                                                                                                                                                                -                      - 
     NIBRS Crime                                                                                                                                                                                           -                                            Total 
                                                                          V           V           V          V           V           V          V           V           V           0          0           0           o          0             > 
                                                                                                                                                                                    V          V           V          V           V              3 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0 

    SIMPLE ASSAULT                                                          18          45         25          28          20          32         26          38          17          27         25          22          11         22          3         359 

    THEFT FROM MOTOR VEHICLE                                                             4                                             4            1                      1           1                                 2           2                     15 

    TRAFFIC VIOLATON                  HAZARDOUS                              1           2          2                                  12          2           1           1                                  1           1                     4          27 

   I 
   /TRAFFIC VOLAT/ON                  NON HAZARDOUS                                      1                                             6           3           3                                  1           3          4           2                     23 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I 
   /T(SASS OF REA ROPERT                                                     3          10           1          2           2           1          4           3           4          6           3           1                      7                     47 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I 
    UUMV                                                                     4           8          7           9           6          6           7           4           2          2           3                      1           2          4          65 

    WARRANT DAAS PD                                                                                                                                1                                                                                                        1 

    WARRANT DAAS PD AGG ASSAUT V                                             1                                                                                                                                                                  4           6 

    WARRANT DALAS PD (AGG ASSAULT                               NF 2                                1           1           1          2           3           1                                                                                           11 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY 
                                                                                                                                                               2                       1                                                                    3 
    BUSINESS 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD AGG ROBBERY 
                                                                             1                                              1           1                                  1                                                                    4           8 
    IND'VIDUA) 

    WARRANT DALAS PD (ALIAS/CAPAS)                                          17         47           6          19           3          17         24          10           1           5          1                      1          15          3         169 

    WARRANT DAAS PD ANIMAL CRUEL T                                                                              1                                                                                                                    1                      2 

    WARRANT DAAS PD ARSON                                                                1                                              1          1                                                                                                        3 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAUT FU                                             5          4           2                      2           6           d           2          4            1                      1          1           3          5          47 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD ASSA T                            NF                                                                             1           2                                   1          1                                  2          2           9 

    WARRANT DAAS PD 'BURGLARY 
                                                                             1                                                          1                                                                     1                                 1           4 
    BUSINESS 

    WARRANT DALAS PD /BURGLARY 
                                                                                                                                                   1                                                          1                      1                      3 
    RESIDENCE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I 
    WARRANT DALLAS PD (CRIMINA 
                                                                                                                                        1                                  1           1                      1                                             4 
    TRESPASS 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD (DRUG/NARCOTCS 
                                                                                         1                      1                                                                                                                                           2 
    VIOLATIONS 

    WARRANT DAAS PD  EMBEZZLEMENT                                                                                                                                                     2                                                                     2 

    WARRANT DA.AS PD  EVADING                                                            ,                                  1                                                                                                        1          1           4 

    WARRANT DA.AS PD  FONDING                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2           2 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD /FRAUD)CREDIT 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1                      1 
    CARD/ATM FRAUD, 

   /WARRANT DA.AS PD FRAUD)FASE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I 
                                                                                                                                                   1                                                                                                        1 
   'RTE'VSES/SWINDLE/CONFIDENCE GAME 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \ 
    WARRANT DALLAS PD HJMAN 
                                                                                                                                                                                      1                                                                     1 
   /TRAFFICKING)COMMERIA. SEX AT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I 

   'WARRANT DALLAS PD                   NUT/ IDATON                                                                                    1                                                                                                                    1     I 

    WARRANT DA.AS PD (KIDNAPPING                                                                                                                                                                                                                1           1 

    WARRANT DA.LAS PD (MANSLAUGHTER                                                      1                                                                                                                                                                  + 

    WARRANT DALAS PD (MURDER                                                                        1                                                          ,                                                                                2           4 

    WARRANT DALLAS PD NEG'GENVT 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1                                  1 
    MANSLAUGHTER, 

    WARRANT DALAS PD (OFFENSE AGAINST 
                                                                                                                                                                                      1                                                                     1 
    FAMI_v 

    WARRANT DALAS PD (ORGANIZED CRIME)                                                                                                                                                                                                          1           1 

    WARRANT DALAS PD (OTHERS                                                2           2                                              1          2            1          1           1                                                         2          12 

Source [GISDPD] [dbo][Arrestee Total24],/NIBRS] [db][ArrestCharge?4_ByCT]                                                               /NIRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy                                              9/1/2024 1030 18 AM 
                                                                                                                                        Report,CPOArrestPortrat 

----------------------- Page 21-----------------------

                     Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                                                                       and Zip Code: Aug-2024 
                                                                                            ...           N              t  ¢                        u              o             p             ao             0             o              ...           N             to                             £ 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ...            ...           ...           ...           ...              V 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      " 
       NIBRS Crime                                                                          o             o              o             o              o             o             o              o             o             o              o             o             o             o                >  Total 
                                                                                            V             V              V             V             V              V             V             V              V 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             V             V             V              V             V                 3 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0 

      WARRANT DALLAS PD (PAROLE VIOLATION                                                                                                                                                           1                                                                                     1                           2 

      WARRANT DALAS PD (PORNOGRAPHY                                                             1             1                                                                                                                                                                                                       2 

      WARRANT DALLAS PD (PUBLIC 
                                                                                                              1                                                                                                                                                                                                       1 
        NOXICATION 

      WARRANDALLA PD /RAPE                                                                                    +                                                        1                                                                                                                                1             3 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I 
      WARRANT DALAS PD /ROBBERY 
                                                                                                              ,                                                                                     1                                                        1                                         1              4       I 
      8US1NESS 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I 

      WARRANT DAAS PD  SEX OFFENSES                                                                          2                             1             1                           1                                                                                                                                5 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             t 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I 
      WARRANT AAS PD SEXUAL ASSAULT 
                                                                                                                                                                                     1                                                                                                                                1 
      WH OBJECT 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             l 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I 
      WARRANT DALLAS  PD TERROR.STIC 
                                                                                                                                                                                                    1                                                                                                                 1 
      '4RAT 

      WARRANT DAAS PD THEFT                                     SHOPIr"                                                     1                                          1                                                                                                   2                                          4      t 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I 

      WARRAN' DAAS PO THEFT OTHER                                                              1                            1                                         2                             1                                                                                                                s       I 
      WARRANT AAS PD TRAFFIC FATA T                                                                           1                                                                                                                                                                                                       1      i 
      WARRAN" DAAS PD VANDALISM 8                                                              1                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1      I 
      RIM INA. MISCHIEF}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     i 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I 
      WARRAN HOD (FEDERA AGENCY                                                                               1                                                       2                             1                                                                                                                 4 

      WARRAN'VT HOLD (NOT A PD WARRANT                                                       29             82            30             53            25            85             71            35             14            31             15            12            12            38            13           545 

      WEAPON LAW VIOLATIONS                                                                   4              6             7              7             3             11            18             11             1             '                            1             2             2                          74 

     Total                                                                                  172           439            160           264            117           443           297            189           101           152            116            86            94           225            66          2921 

Source [GISDPD][dbo] [Arrestee Total24],/NIBRS][dbo] [ArrestCharge24_ByCT]                                                                                             /NIB8RS/Emailed Report/Monthy                                                             9/1/2024 10 30 18 4M 
                                                                                                                                                                       Report,CPOArrestPortrot 

----------------------- Page 22-----------------------

                        Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                                                                              and Zip Code: Aug-2024 

  Race                                                                                Count                      Sex                                                          Count                     Council            District                   Count                      Zip Code                                Top 30 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Count 
[American Indian or Alaska Native                                                          3                     Female                                                          769                      CD 1                                            172 
I                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       75220                                220 
{Asian                                                                                    18                     Male                                                          2152                       CD 2                                           439 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75216                                193 
  Black                                                                                 1443                    Total                                                          2921                       CD 3                                            160 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75215                                158 
  Hispanic or Latino                                                                    955                                                                                                               CD 4                                           264 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75217                                134 
  Middle Eastern                                                                           9                                                                                                             CD 5                                             117 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75211                                131 
  Native Hawanan/Paof Islander                                                             3                                                                                                             CD 6                                            443 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75243                                113 
  Unknown                                                                                  1                                                                                                             CD 7                                            297 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75204                                107 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
 White                                                                                  489                                                                                                              CD 8                                             189 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I  '75228                                        104 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I 
 Total                                                                                2921                                                                                                               CD 9                                             10° 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75229                                101 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I                                                                I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        CD 10                                             152 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75226                                101                I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        co 11                                             116                                                                                  I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75241                                    95 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        CD 12                                             86 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75201                                    88 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        CD13                                              94 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75212                                    78 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        CD 14                                            225 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75227                                    67 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ou/City                                           66 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75202                                    66 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Total                                           2921 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75235                                    65 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75208                                    64 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75237                                    58 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75238                                    57 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75240                                    57 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75287                                    56 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I                                                               I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75232                                    55 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               '75203                                            55            I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ,75224                                            54 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75210                                    51 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               l75214                                            48            I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75219                                    47 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                75231                                            45 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75223                                    37 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        75206                                    37 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total                                      2921 

  Source[GISDPD] [dbo][Arrestee Total?4),[NIBRS] [dbo] [ArrestCharge24_By«CT)                                                                                                      /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy                                                                  9/1/2024 1030 18 4M 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Reports,CPOB Arrest Portrait 

----------------------- Page 23-----------------------

       Memorandum Item 5(8) 

  oat August 13. 2024 

    To Members of the Community Police Oversight Board 

so·Office of Community Police Oversight August 2024 Report 

      Attached you will find the August monthly complaint statistical report from the Office of 
      Community Police Oversight (OCPO)  This report provides a summation of the total 
      number of external complaints turned in to the OCPO and IAD. the source of the 
      complaints, and the disposition of the complaints. Also attached are an external 
      Complaint Workflow Process diagram and a general definition document that defines 
      categories for no investigation which are listed as "No Investigation" on the monthly 
      reports 

      The external complaints for September are in the review process and will be provided 
      once this information has been completed 

      Please do not hesitate to reach out should you have any questions or concerns. 

      Michele Andre 
      OCPO Director 

      CC City Managers Office 

----------------------- Page 24-----------------------

External Complaint Workflow Process 

                                             t tern .al omp la  nt 

                             Th¢ Police Mor/tor w  review  in consultation w tt 

                                 th@intena  Atips Commander re  mrnat 
                             trrration ad determine most apt0p  ¢         "or 

----------------------- Page 25-----------------------

                                 Es'eral                      tar' ¥              k' 
      A V           es' 3t in S                    r        S 4     a'            3£         a 

        r                             • 
   G                                       f                    " 
    e                                             .       f 

               # 

 Does        t r et       te a 

                           4 
              'go 

               t    ld t 
                et                           . 
                                             • 

uprate            orp a 
  d     i             e 

E a3l tc Artic      ate 

Gu rt          $   ¢ e 

                t       t¢      ,:; 

nt rator         Only 

----------------------- Page 26-----------------------

     N Violator  £           te                                             t £ 

                                                            8 

                 ,,                                    e      £       F 

      &             of  8' 

     Nc v1oat»o         BW '"                          e 

    N      -E nr     » 

                                             Py 

    St, Day 

                                          t 

                   r 

                                          ' 
                                             ' 9    t 

0             te e 

                                                            6 

----------------------- Page 27-----------------------

                                              External Administrative Complaints Received as of 9/04/2024 for Fiscal Year 2023-2024 

                                                      Oct          Nov          Dec           Jan          Feb        March         April        May          June         July         AuR          Sept 
 Total External Complaints by Source               DPD OCPO  OPO OcPO  OPO OCPO  OPO OCPO  DPD OCPO  DPD OCPO  DPO OCPO  DPD OCPO                          PD OCPO  DPD OCPO  D0PD OCPO  OPD OCPO 
 DPD Total                                          111      0    54      0    60      0    70      0    66      0    101     0    162     0   104      0   103      0   114      0    82      0     0      0 
 Externa. Email                                      65           16           12            9            8            26          117          71           46           51           33 
 External Fax                                                                                                                                                 2 
 Externa Letter                                       8            3            9           11           15           38             3            ¢          15           10            6 

 External Telephone                                   1                         2            3                                       1                        1 
 External Online Form                                 4            1                         1            2             6            9            ¢            ¢           1 

 External Walk-n DPD                                 33           34           37           46           41            31           32          25           35           52           43 

 OCPO Total                                          46    43     51    36     64     12    24    31     34     30     36    30     47    28     8     19    18     21    30      0    24      0     0      0 
 External Email 0CPO                                 35    42     38    36     56           20           22            26           32                       10           21            6 
 xterna Fax OCPO 
 External Letter 0CPO                                 l      1                                                          1 
 External Telephone OCPO 
 Externa Online Form OCPO                            10           13            8     12     ¢     31    12     30      9    30     15    28     8     19     5     21     9           18 

 Externa Walk-in OCPO                                                                                                                                         3 
 Grand Total                                        157    43    105    36    124     12    94    31    100     30    137    30    209    28   112     19   121     21   144      0   106      0     0     0 

                     External Complaints Processed by Internal Affairs as of 9/04/2024 
 Divisional Investigations with Category             15     0      5     0      4      0    14      0    12      0     12     0     13     0    11      0    12      0    19      0     7      0     0     0 
 Discourtesy or nprofessionalism                      9            2            2            1            6             8            6           2            5            5            3 
 Fail to Complete Reports                                                       1            1                          1            1           2 
 Improper Action                                      4            1            1            8            5             2            4           5            4           12            3 
 Improper Comments                                                 2                         2                                                                1 
 Improper or No Investigation                         2                                      2            1             1            2           2            2            2            1 

Internal Affairs Investigations and Category        4      0     3      0     7      0     4      0     3      0      3     0      7     0      6     0     3      0      3     0      1     0     0      0 
Abuse of Authority 
Adverse Conduct                                                                            1                                         1 
 Dispatch/911 Violation 
 Discourtesy to Other Employees 
 Failed to Complete Report on Time 
failed to Secure Property                                                                                                                        1 
 Harassment                                                                                                                          1                                     1 
 Improper or False Arrest 
 Improper or No Investigation                         4          2                         1                                                     2            1 
 Improper Release of Information 
 Incomplete or Erroneous Report 
 Inquiry 
Lost/Damaged Citizen Property                                                                                                                                 1 
 Mistreatment of Citizen                                                                   1 
Placed Citizen in Danger 
 Racial Profiling 
 Use of Force                                                    1            3            1             1              1 
improper Action or Comments                                                   ¢                         2               2            5           3            1            2            1 
Complaints Referred to the PubliIntegrity Unit        5            5            4            6            2             1            0           0            0            1            0 

Preliminary Investigation and Outcome               138     0     97     0    113     0     76     0     85      0    122     0    189     0    95      0   106      0   122      0    98      0     0     0 
Did not meet criteria                                 6            6            9            9                                                                             5 
Duplicate Complaint                                   9            9           17           13            7            13           12          12           12           17            5 
Fail to Articulate                                   29           23           10            8           16            18           36          15           13            5            1 
Guilt or Innocence                                    5            2            3            1            5             2            5           2            5            2            1 
Information Only                                     18           17            7            5            6            16           32          24           22           14            9 
More Informaton                                       ¢            2            3            2            3             6            7           6            4            7            1 
Need Signature                                                     1                         1            1                                                   1            ¢ 

No Violation                                         18           13           10            8           18            12           17           3            3           18            5 
No Violation B8WC                                     4            2            7            4            2             6           10          12           15           20            6 
Non Employee                                         27           17           36           18           16            32           58          14           18           19            3 
Other (Outsde Agency)                                 1            1            5            1            2             3           l            3            6            3 
Training Recommendation 
Possible 
Sixty Day                                                          1            5            6            4           ll             6           2                         1            1 
Third Part                                           16            3            1                         5             3            5           2            6            6 
Unknown Otfcer                                        1 
OCPO InvestuRaton                                                                                                                                             1 
Recent EC's under 'eview (as 0' 8/5/2023)                                                                                                                                  1           66 
Grand Totals                                       157    0     105    0     124    0     94     0     100     0    137     0    209     0    112     0    121     0    144     0    106     0     0 

The internal Attars Dwrsion calculates monthly complaints by the received date and not by the number of forms submitted regarding a compiam nt  oPO complaint data was receivec by OPO personnel who 

may have dtterung counting methods     Data pulled trorIAPro as of 9/4/2024,   at app  10 152m 

----------------------- Page 28-----------------------

                                            a 

                                         City of Dallas 

                         Office of Community Police Oversight 

              Week ofAugust 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 Complaints 

During the period from August l to August 31, 2024, the Office of Community Police Oversight 
(OCPO) received a total ofnine complaints.  Out of these: 

    •   Four were identified as duplicate submissions, 
    •   One involved a failure to follow up on a previous report, 
    •   One concerned delayed response time, 
    •   Two were unable to clearly articulate a specific complaint against the Dallas Police 
        Department (DPD). 

This report covers complaints received during OCPO's fiscal year, which runs from October 1, 
2023, to September 30, 2024. 

   DATE .            N 1MI                COMPLAINT TYPE.                       STATUS 

                  FC2024-0883              Duplicate Complaint 
  8/7/2024                                                                  No Investigatuon 

                  EC20240884          Failure to follow up on report  No Investigatuon, FYI o NC 
 8/7/2024 

                  EC2024-0915              Duplicate Complaint              No Investigation 
 8/14/2024 

                  EC2024-0916                Response Time 
 8/14/2024                                                              No Investigatuon, FYI to 
                                                                           South Central NPO 

                  EC2024-0917              Duplicate Complaint              No Investugation 
 8/14/2024 

                  EC20240933              Failure to Articulate a           No Investigation 
 8/21/2024                               Complaint against DPD 

----------------------- Page 29-----------------------

                EC2024-0935               Failure to Articulate a           No Investigation 
8/21/2024                                Complaint against DPD 

                EC2024-0941               Duplicate Complaint               No Investigation 
8/21/2024 

                                          Failure to Articulate a           No Investigation 
8/28/2024       EC2024 0972              Complaint against DPD 

----------------------- Page 30-----------------------

                                                                                 CITY OF DALLAS 

 Memorandum Item 5 (C.1) 

 DATE: September 6, 2024 

TO: Community Police Oversight Board 

SUBJECT: Office of Community Police Oversight 2024 Outreach and Engagement Activities 

OCPO Outreach Support 

The Office of Community Police Oversight (OCPO) is committed to supporting the citizens of 
 Dallas by participating in a variety of community events throughout the year.  These efforts aim to 
build trust,  foster education,  and strengthen the relationship  between the community and the 
police. 

 February: 

In celebration of Black History Month, OCPO participated in events at Singing Hills Recreation 
Center, the MLK Parade, the Deputy Mayor's Senior Valentine Dance,  and the Youth Poetry & 
Open Mic Night. 

March: 

OCPO took part in the National Women's Day 2024 event in partnership with Dallas Park and 
Recreation  Board Vice President  Priscilla  Rice and Tierra  Energy Solutions,            planting  300 
Shumard  Red Oak saplings  at Crawford Memorial             Park.  Senior Outreach Specialist Kevn 
Williams provided OCPO materials to attendees and helped plant over a dozen trees. 

April: 

OCPO collaborated with Library Director Mrs.  Jo Guidice to make Dallas city libraries official 
OCPO intake sites.  Citizens can now submit officer commendations or complaints at all 29 Dallas 
libraries using OCPO intake posters. 

----------------------- Page 31-----------------------

 May: 

OCPO participated in the Dallas Police Memorial at City Plaza and worked with Park Deputy 
 Director Mrs.  Crystal Ross to display OCPO intake posters on kiosks and community boards in 
all Dallas recreation centers,  improving outreach and intake opportunities across the city. 

June: 

OCPO celebrated Pride Month with a flag-raising ceremony at City Hall  Plaza.          Additionally, 
OCPO joined board members Mr.        Johnathan Maples,     Dr.  Gilbert Smith, and CPOB Chairman 
John Mark Davidson at the 14th Annual Juneteenth Celebration at KB Polk Recreation Center, 
where OCPO hosted a raffle and distributed Juneteenth-themed promotional  items 

In both  June and July,  OCPO made strides to enhance its engagement with the LGBTQ+ 
community.  In June,  OCPO met with Lambda Legal  to explore how the office can serve as a 
resource for LGBTQ+ safety in  Dallas        In July, OCPO continued these conversations with 
Resource Center to discuss officer training and policy development regarding LGBTQ+ matters. 

July: 

OCPO participated in the City of Dallas Park and Recreation Back to School Bash at Harry 
Stone Recreation Center, distributing school supplies and providing information about the office's 
oversight role. The event,  attended by 570 residents and students,     featured free haircuts from 
lnvictus College and police vehicle tours courtesy of the Dallas Police Department. 

August: 

OCPO attended the Mayor's 28th Annual Back to School Fair,  providing oversight information 
to over 10,000 attendees. 

Summary of Outreach: 

The Office of Community Police Oversight will continue its mission to engage and educate the 
public on police oversight practices.  Look for OCPO posters at your local recreational centers and 
libraries to learn more about how we can serve you 

Senior Outreach Specialist 
Kevin A. Williams 
