----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED                                                                                            Pub[k Notice  

2025 JAN 10  PM  4: 46                                                                                      Ť ŧ Ţ Ţ 7 2 

 CITY SECRETARY                                                                                                     CITY 
                                                                                                                         SECRETARY 
                                       DALLAS HOUSING FINANCE CORPORATION                             POS  TED 
  DALLAS, TEXAS                                                                                                       DALLAS 
                                                                                                                              , TX 
                                                      REGULAR MEETING  

                                          Tuesday, January 14, 2025 at 12:00 PM  
                                Dallas City Hall, L1FN Auditorium and Videoconference  
                                             Video Conference Link: Click HERE  

            Telephone: +1-469-210-7159 United States Toll (Dallas), +1-408-418-9388 United States Toll  
                                                 Access Code: 2491 679 2261  
                                               Meeting Password: JEezGpzd493  

      The    City   of   Dallas   will  make     Reasonable       La     Ciudad      de      Dallas     llevará     a     cabo  
      Accommodations/Modifications            to    programs     Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los programas  
      and/or other related activities to ensure any and           y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos  
      all  residents    have    access    to   services    and    y cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios  
                                                                  y recursos para asegurar una reunión equitativa e inclusiva.  
      resources  to  ensure  an  equitable  and  inclusive  
                                                                  Cualquier   persona   que   requiera   asistencia   adicional,  
      meeting.  Anyone requiring  auxiliary  aid, service,        servicio y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma  
      and/or translation to fully participate in the meeting      íntegra  en   la  reunión   debe   notificar  a  Housing   &  
      should    notify   the   Housing     &   Neighborhood       Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
      Revitalization  Department  by  calling  (214)  670-        670-3677,   tres   (3)   días   hábiles   antes   de   la   reunión 
      3677,   three   (3)   business   days   prior   to   the    programada. Una transmisión en video de la reunión estará 
      scheduled meeting. A video stream of the meeting            disponible dos días hábiles luego de la finalización de la 
      will   be   available   twenty-four   (24)   hours   after  reunión en https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113. 
      adjournment                   by                 visiting   Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer  
      https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                  uso   de   la   palabra   deben   registrarse   en   Housing   &  
                                                                  Neighborhood Revitalization Department llamando al (214)  
      Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak  
                                                                  670-3677,  veinticuatro  (24)  horas  antes  de  la  fecha  y 
      must  register  with  the  Housing  &  Neighborhood         horario de la reunión. 
      Revitalization  Department  call  (214)  670-3677or  
      email   jaclyn.schroeder@dallas.gov,   twenty-four  
      (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time. 

                I.      Call to Order – Marcy Helfand, President 

                II.     Roll Call – Jaclyn Schroeder, Housing Project Manager 

                III.    Public Comments on items IV – X 

                IV.     Approval of the minutes for the December 10, 2024 City of Dallas Housing 
                        Finance  Corporation  (“DHFC”  or  the  “Corporation”)  Meeting  –  Marcy 
                        Helfand, President 

               V.       Action Item : Resolution for The Ridge at Loop 12, a multifamily residential 
                        development  to  be  located  at  1100  North  Walton  Walker  Boulevard, 
                        Dallas,  Dallas  County, Texas 75211  –  Aaron  Eaquinto,  General Manager; 
                        George Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP; Ryan Bowen, Corporation 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

         Counsel, Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director,  
        Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        a.       Consider  and  adopt  a  resolution  approving  the  creation  of  a  limited  
                 liability  company  with  the  Corporation  as  the  Sole  Member  with  the  
                 Texas  Secretary  of State  to  be named  DHFC  The  Ridge at  Loop 12  
                 Contractor,  LLC  and  approving  the  form  and  substance  of  a  limited  
                 liability company agreement and the execution thereof; and  

        b.       Consider  and  adopt  partnership  resolutions  approving  the  form  and  
                 substance of and authorizing the execution and delivery of documents  
                 and instruments necessary to carry  out the financing and construction  
                 of “The Ridge at Loop 12,” a multifamily residential development to be  
                 located  at  1100  North  Walton  Walker  Boulevard  (the  “Development”)  
                 and containing other provisions relating to such Development, including  
                 a  resolution  approving  the  ground  lease  between  the  Borrower  and  
                 DHFC  The   Ridge   at   Loop   12   Landowner,   LLC;   and   resolutions  
                 authorizing the admission of DHFC The Ridge at Loop 12 GP, LLC (the  
                 “General Partner”) to  LDG The Ridge at Loop 12, LP (the  “Borrower”)  
                 and financing for the Development to include: bonds issued by the Texas  
                 Department of Housing and Community Affairs (“TDHCA”) the proceeds  
                 of which will be loaned to the Borrower and equity financing by Wincopin  
                 Circle LLLP.  

VI.     Action  Item :  Resolution  for  Tenison  Lofts,  a  multifamily  residential  
        development  to  be  located  at  3602  Samuell  Boulevard,  Dallas,  Dallas  
        County,   Texas   75223   –   Aaron   Eaquinto,   General   Manager;   George  
        Rodriguez, Bond Counsel, Bracewell LLP; Ryan Bowen, Corporation Counsel,  
         Chapman and Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop  
         Securities Inc.  

        a.       Consider and adopt a financing resolution authorizing the issuance, sale  
                 and   delivery   of   the   City   of   Dallas   Housing   Finance   Corporation  
                 Multifamily   Housing   Revenue   Bonds   (Fannie   Mae   MBS-Secured)  
                 (Tenison Lofts) Series 2025A and Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds  
                 (Tenison  Lofts)  Series  2025B,  with  the  proceeds  of  such  bonds  (the  
                 “Financing”) to be loaned to TX Tenison 2023, Ltd.  (the “Borrower”) to  
                 finance a portion of the cost of  the  construction of “Tenison Lofts,” a  
                 multifamily  residential  development  to  be  located  at  3602  Samuell  
                 Boulevard (the “Development”); and  

        b.       Consider  and  adopt  partnership  resolutions  approving  the  form  and  
                 substance of and authorizing the execution and delivery of documents  
                 and instruments necessary to carry out the financing and construction  
                 of  the  Development  and  containing  other  provisions  relating  to  such  
                 Development,  including  (i)  a  resolution  approving  the  ground  lease  
                 between the Borrower and DHFC Tenison Lofts  Landowner, LLC  (the  
                 “Ground Lessor”) and approving a loan from the City of Dallas to the  
                 Ground  Lessor  and  assignment  of  such  loan  to  the  Borrower;  and  

                                                 2  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

                 resolutions authorizing the admission of DHFC Tenison Lofts GP, LLC  
                 (the   “General   Partner”)   to   the   Borrower   and   financing   for   the  
                 Development to include: equity financing by Raymond James Tax Credit  
                 Fund XX L.L.C., a construction loan from Bank OZK, and a subordinate  
                 loan  from  the  City  of  Dallas  and  a  subordinate  loan  assigned  by  the  
                 Ground Lessor to the Borrower.  

VII.    Action Item : Resolution for  Paradise Gardens, a multifamily residential  
        development located at 1500 North Garrett Avenue, Dallas, Dallas County,  
        Texas 75206 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager; George Rodriguez, Bond  
         Counsel,  Bracewell  LLP;  Ryan  Bowen,  Corporation  Counsel,  Chapman  and  
         Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        a.       Consider  and  adopt  a  resolution  approving  the  creation  of  a  limited  
                 liability  company  with  the  Corporation  as  the  Sole  Member  with  the  
                 Texas Secretary of State to be named DHFC  Paradise Gardens GP,  
                 LLC  (the  “Company”),  approving  the  transfer  and  assignment  of  the  
                 Company to LEDG Capital, LLC and approving the form and substance  
                 of a transfer and assignment agreement; and  

        b.       Consider and adopt a financing resolution authorizing the issuance, sale  
                 and   delivery   of   the   City   of   Dallas   Housing   Finance   Corporation  
                 Multifamily   Housing   Revenue   Bonds   (Fannie   Mae   MBS-Secured)  
                 (Social) Series 2025A (Paradise Gardens) and Subordinate Multifamily  
                 Housing  Revenue  Bonds  (Paradise  Gardens)  Series  2025B-1  and  
                 Taxable   Series   2025B-2,   with   the   proceeds   of   such   bonds   (the  
                 “Financing”) to be loaned to LIH Paradise Gardens Preservation, LP (the  
                 “Borrower”)  to  finance  a  portion  of  the  cost  of  the  rehabilitation  of  
                 “Paradise  Gardens,”  a  multifamily  residential  development  located  at  
                 1500 North Garrett Avenue (the “Development”).  

VIII.   Action  Item :  Resolution  for  Oak  &  Ellum,  a  multifamily  residential  
        development  located  at  2627  Live  Oak  Street,  Dallas,  Dallas  County,  
        Texas 75204 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager; George Rodriguez, Bond  
         Counsel,  Bracewell  LLP;  Ryan  Bowen,  Corporation  Counsel,  Chapman  and  
         Cutler LLP and Tim Nelson, Senior Managing Director, Hilltop Securities Inc.  

        a.       Consider and adopt a resolution approving an amended and restated  
                 MOU   with  Waterford   Property   Company,   LLC   for   the   financing,  
                 acquisition and development of Oak & Ellum, an approximately 424-unit  
                 multifamily  residential  development  located  at  2627  Live  Oak  Street,  
                 (the “Development”)  

IX.      Review and discussion of DHFC Treasurer’s report for the eleven-month  
        period ending on November 30, 2024 – Aaron Eaquinto , General Manager  

                                                 3  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

X.         Review and discussion of the Corporation’s pipeline report as of  
           January 7, 2025 – Aaron Eaquinto, General Manager  

XI.        Adjourn – Marcy Helfand, President  

                                                       

                                                                4  
  

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                     Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may  
not enter this property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia  con  una  pistol  oculta),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant  to  Section  30.07,  Penal  Code  (trespass  by  license  holder  with  an  openly  carried  
handgun),  a  person  licensed  under  Subchapter  H,  Chapter  411,  Government  Code  (handgun  
licensing law), may not enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una  
licencia con una pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411,  
código del gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad  
con una pistola a la vista."  

"Pursuant to Section  46.03,  Penal  Code (places  weapons prohibited), a person may not  carry a  
firearm or other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no  
puede llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
                                            EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one  
of the following:  

1.   seeking the advice  of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any  
     matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  Corporation  under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  
     Professional Conduct of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the  Texas Open Meetings Act.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt.  
     Code §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open  
     meeting would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of  
     a public officer or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the  
     officer or employee who is the subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices.  
     [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is  
     conducting economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive  
     to a business prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  
     network security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security  
     personnel, critical infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  

                                                               5  
  
