----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

   RECEIVED  
                                                                                      Puf,fic Notice  
202�MAY 10     PH 4: 19  
 CITY SECRETARY                                           a                               2  4  0  4  9  4 
  DALLAS. TEXAS                                                                                   CITY SECRETARY 
                                                       City of Dallas 
                                                                                     POSTED  
                                                                                                  DALLAS,ALLAS,  TX  
                                     COMMUNITY POLICE OVERSIGHT BOARD 
                                                  REGULAR MEETING 

                                                May 14, 2024 at 5:30 P.M. 

                          Dallas City Hall, 6EN Council Chambers and Videoconference 

                                  Video Conference Link: https://dal.city/3xK7UqG 

                                             Access Code: 5d7SHrWRMi4 
                              Telephone: 408-418-9388 Access Code: 248 577 12666 

  The City of Dallas will make Reasonable                           La Ciudad de Dallas llevara a cabo 
  Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other             Adecuaciones/Modificaciones Razonables a los 
   related activities to ensure any and all residents have          programas y/u otras actividades relacionadas para 
  access to services and resources to ensure an equitable           asegurar que todos y cada uno de los residentes 
  and inclusive meeting. Anyone requiring auxiliary aid,            tengan acceso a los servicios y recurses para 
  service, and/or translation to fully participate in the           asegurar una reunion equitativa e inclusiva. 
   meeting should notify the Office of Community Police             Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia 
  Oversight by calling (214) 671-8283, three (3) business           adicional, servicio ylo interpretacion para poder 
  days prior to the scheduled meeting. A video stream of            participar de forma integra en la reunion debe 
  the meeting will be available twenty-four (24) hours after        notificar a Office of Community Police Oversight 
  adjournment by visiting                                           llamando al (214) 671-8283, tres (3) dias habiles 
   https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                       antes de la reunion programada. Una transmision 
                                                                    en video de la reunion estardisponible dos dias 
   Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must 
                                                                    habiles luego de la finalizacion de la reunion en 
  register with the Office of Community Police Oversight at 
                                                                    https://dal lastx. new.swagit.com/views/113. 
  Dallascityhall.com/OCPO or call (214) 671-8283, twenty- 
  four (24) hours prior to the meeting date and time.               Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen 
                                                                    hacer use de la palabra deben registrarse en Office 
                                                                    of Community Police Oversight en enlace 
                                                                    Dallascityhall.com/OCPO o llamando al (214) 671- 
                                                                    8283, veinticuatro (24) horas antes de la fecha y 
                                                                    horario de la reunion. 

                                                        AGENDA 

             Call to Order                                                  John Mark Davidson, Chairman 

             Public Comment/Open Microphone 

     I.      Approval of Minutes -April 9, 2024 

     11.     Action Items 

             2. 

             a.  Review External Administrative Complaint Filed by Arlene Perez-Merino 

             b.  Review External Administrative Complaint Filed by Steve Rogers, Chief of the Rustin 
                 Police Department 

                                                             1 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

111.    Staff Reports/Briefings 
        3. 

        a. REPORT:           Honoring DPD Heroes [OCPO Mediation Manager C. Clark & Chairman 
                             Davidson] 

        Attachment:          Memorial Program 

        b.  UPDATE:          Hiring Search for New Director/Monitor [Chairman Davidson] 

        Attachment:          Memo 

        c.  REPORT:         Senate Bill 4 Policy Introduction, Policy Implications, and Community 
                            Feedback [Siara Obasuyi,  OCPO Policy Analyst] 

        Attachment:          Memo 

        Special Guests:  Tony Rodriguez, Chairman,  Dallas Brown Berets 

                             Sarah Cruz,  Border and Immigrant Rights Strategist, ACLU 

        d. BRIEFING:        Chapter 8, "Boards and Commissions" [City Attorney's Office] 

       Attachment:          Memo 

        e.  UPDATE:         Dynell  Lane-City Manager Review Update [Chairman Davidson] 

       Attachment:          Memo 

       f. UPDATE:           CPOB and OCPO Outreach [Chairman Davidson] 

       g.  UPDATE:          CPOB Standing Committees [Chairman Davidson] 

       Attachment:          Memo 

        h. REPORT:          DPD Monthly Arrest Data [Chairman Davidson] 

       Attachment:          Memo 

                                                        
                                                      2 

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

     IV.      Monthly Activity Report [OCPO Mediation Manager C. Clark] 

             Attachments:           Monthly Activity Report Memo 
                                    Monthly Activity Chart 
                                    Monthly Complaint Summaries 

     V.       UPCOMING MEETING 

             June 11, 2024- 5:30pm- City Hall Council Chambers 6EN 

              Public Comment/Open Microphone 

             Adjournment 

                            Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities 

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person licensed 
under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property with a 
concealed handgun." 

"De acuerdo con la secci6n 30.06 del c6digo penal (ingreso sin autorizaci6n de un titular de una licencia con una 
pistol oculta), una persona con licencia segun el subcapitulo h, capitulo 411, c6digo del gobierno (ley sobre 
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta." 

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a person 
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this property 
with a handgun that is carried openly." 

"De acuerdo con la secci6n 30.07 del c6digo penal (ingreso sin autorizaci6n de un titular de una licencia con una 
pistola a la vista), una persona con licencia segun el subcapitulo h, capitulo 411, c6digo del gobierno (ley sobre 
licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la vista." 

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or other 
weapon into any open meeting on this property." 

"De conformidad con la Secci6n 46.03, C6digo Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede llevar un 
arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunion abierta en esta propriedad." 

                                                                   
                                                                 3 

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

                                                        EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE 

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the following: 

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers,  or any matter in which the 

     duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct of the State Bar of 

     Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex.  Govt. Code §551.071] 

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange,  lease,  or value of real  property if deliberation in an open meeting would have a 

     detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  Govt. Code §551.072] 

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting would 

     have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex.  Govt. Code §551.073] 

4.   deliberating the appointment,  employment,  evaluation, reassignment,  duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public officer 

     or employee; or to hear a complaint or charge against an officer or employee unless the officer or employee who is the 

     subject of the deliberation or hearing requests a public hearing. [Tex.  Govt. Code §551.074] 

5.   deliberating the deployment,  or specific occasions for implementation,  of security personnel or devices.  [Tex.                          Govt. 

     Code §551.076] 

6.   discussing or deliberating commercial or financial information that the city has received from a business prospect that 

     the city seeks to have locate,  stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting economic 

     development negotiations;  or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business prospect. [Tex Govt. 

     Code §551.087] 

7.   deliberating security assessments or deployments relating to information resources technology,                               network security 

     information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical infrastructure, or 

     security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089] 

                                                                             
                                                                          4 

----------------------- Page 5-----------------------

                  Community  Police  Oversight  Board 
                  Meeting Minutes Agenda Items 

  The Community Police Oversight Board meetings are recorded. Agenda materials and recordings may be 
   reviewed/copied by contacting the Board Coordinator at 214-671-8283. 

  Meeting Date: April 9. 2024 

  Convened:             5:44 p.m. 

  Adjourned:            8:59 p.m. 

  Board Members present:                                                      Board Members Absent 

Ozzie Smith - District 1                                              District 7- Jose Rivas. Vice Chair 

Jonathan E Maples -District 2                                         District 10- Vacant 

Brian Bah - District 5                                                District 11 - Arlene Steinfeld 

Derric Pegram - District 6 

Judge Lander-District 8 

Alison Grinter Allen -District 9 

Deatra Wadsworth -District 12 

David KitnerDistrict 13 

Brandon Friedman -District 14 

Dr Loren Gilbert-Smith - District 4 

John Mark Davidson. Chairman - District 15 

Walter Higgins - District 3 

  Call  to Order & Roll Call- Chairman John Mark Davidson 
  Public Comment (Minutes and Action items)/ Open Microphone: 
         Speakers - 
         D.  Philips (materials given to the Board) 
         Arlene Perez-Merino (audio recording played for the Board) 
         Osell Donaldson 
         Crystal Bates 

                                                         
                                                       5 

----------------------- Page 6-----------------------

I. Approval ofMinutes - Moved to approve revised minutes 

         Moved to approve the minutes  David Kitner. District 13.  Judge Lander. 
District 8 seconded. Voted on. Minutes approved. 

         Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith, District 4. moved to suspend CPOB rules of 
following agenda in order to provide time for Deputy City Manager Kim Tolbert 
to speak. David Kitner. District 13 seconded. 

III. Staff Reports/Briefings 

A. Update: OCPO Director Recruitment Update [Deputy City Manager Kimberly 
Tolbert] 

Deputy City Manager Kimberly Tolbert discussed inviting a 3rd party job search 
firm. Polihire. to open the search nationwide to find a suitable candidate for the 
OCPO Director role. Handout given to board members. Looking to fill role by mid 
to late summer. Polihire will meet with CPOB members to receive feedback. 

B. Constitutional Policing Presentation [Dallas Police Department ChiefGarcia] 

Lieutenant Julio Gonzalez led presentation on DPD's Constitutional Policing Unit. 
Questions and comments from Walter Higgins. District 3. and Jonathan Maples. 
District 2- expressing board desires to be included in conversations regarding 
DPD's creation  and  implementation  of internal                oversight  via  constitutional 
policing unit. 

C. Questions & Answers with DPD Police ChiefEddie Garcia 

Police Chief Eddie Garcia answered questions from CPOB board - addressing 
improvement within DPD. 

D. Briefing ofChapter 8 [City Attorney 's Office] 

Tabled until next CPOB meeting 

E. Update: Meeting with Deputy City Manager Kim Tolbert [Brandon Friedman. 
District 14] 

                                                            
                                                         6 

----------------------- Page 7-----------------------

Spoke about  memo from City Attorney 's Office about CPOB 's questions about 
the No Investigation  clarification regarding the  board's abilities to conduct 
independent review. Issue was that CPOB could not investigate ifIAD had deemed 
a case No Investigation. IAD is changing the wording to Preliminary Investigation 
& Outcome - allows CPOB to review. 

II. Review ofLane and Black complaints 

A. Review ofExternal Complaint made by Dynell Lane [Christopher Clark, OCPO 
Mediation Manager] 

Christopher Clark spoke on letter sent to Dynell Lane regarding an apology from 
DPD. Mr. Lane came to the OCPO office and requested a review on his case. The 
Ordinance (37-32 A6) states that ifthe board disagrees with the disciplinary actions 
and the reasoning ofthat discipline, a review may be opened. Board asked to take 
a vote on whether or not to open Lane case for additional review. 

         Motion to vote to invoke 37-32 A6 and make detail of the sensitivity 
training given to involved officers available to the public, moved by Brandon 
Friedman. District 14 seconded by Judge Lander. District 8 to bring this to the City 
Managers office. 
         Vote: Unanimous pass from board 

B. Review of External Complaint made by William Black [James Griffin. OCPO 
Intake Specialist] 

James Griffin updated the board on the case of William Black - alleged that DPD 
officers involved did not take proper precautions to prevent loss ofproperty. 

Dr. Loren Gilbert-Smith. District 4 moves to open investigation. seconded by 
Alison Grinter Allen. District 9. 
         Vote: Unanimous pass from board 

F.  Discussion on CPOB Chair [John Mark Davidson. District 15]. and OCPO 
Interim Director [Elaine Chandler]  Monthly Meeting with Police Chief Eddie 
Garcia 

G. Monthly Arrest Data Presented 

JV. OCPO Office Updates & Monthly Activity Report 

                                                           
                                                         7 

----------------------- Page 8-----------------------

 A. Monthly Activity Report [Intake Specialist, James Griffin] 
     1.  No disagreements with IAD decisions on cases for this month 
     2.  Clarification that report shows calls that would have formerly been listed 
         as No Investigation and now listed as Preliminary Investigation 
     3.  Deatra Wadsworth, District 12 asked about complaints listed as "unable to 
         articulate a complaint" - James specified that these citizens are actively 
         engaged with and reached out to with follow up to make sure their voices 
         are heard 

                          UPCOMING MEETING                   May 14th, 2024 

Motion to adjourn meeting - David Kitner. District 13. Second by Judge Lander, District 8 

Vote to adjourn meeting - Unanimously passed - Meeting adjourned 8:59 pm. 

                Office of Community Police Oversight 
                 Chairman John Mark Davidson 

                  X 

                                                           
                                                         8 

----------------------- Page 9-----------------------

       Memorandum Item 2(a) 

DATE:           4/25/2024 

TO:             Members ofthe Community Police Oversight Board 

SUBJECT:         Arlene Perez-Merino Request for ReviewNI# 2023-1200 

Arlene Perez-Merino has contacted the OCPO and filed a request for review ofher external 

administrative complaint EC2023-1392 which she filed onNovember 15", 2023. The complaint was 

screened and deemed a No Investigation and assigned case# NI2023-1200.  The OCPO will present a 

basic summary ofthis case, a complete case file, videos and other evidence will be uploaded to the share 

drive for board members to review. 

  Below are basic facts regarding the complaint case: 

  Complainant. ARLENE PEREZ-MERINO 

  Incident Type: Report on Police Misconduct 

  IAD No: EC2023-1392 I NI# 2023-1200 

  Incident Date:8/15/2022 

  BWC: YES 

  DPD Investigative Departments: Internal Affairs Division 

  Disposition: No Investigation/Unable to Establish Violation ofDepartmental Rules or procedures 

  Involved Officers: 

  1.  Seargeant Edberson #9130 

  Allegation: Improper or no investigation 

  2.  Sergeant Garcia #8908 

  Allegation: Improper or no action 

                                                          
                                                       9 

----------------------- Page 10-----------------------

 3.  Officer Gurrrola # 1081 7 

Allegation: Improper or no action 

4.   Officer Lawson# 9630 

Allegation: Improper or no action 

5.   Officer Massali #12169 

Allegation: Improper or no action 

6.   Officer McClenon #7683 

Allegation: Improper or no investigation 

7.   Sr. Corporal Stephens #6308 

Allegation: Improper or no investigation 

Synopsis ofIncident 
       On August 15,2022 Arlene Perez-Merino called 911 because she felt threatened by Joshua 

Prang who works as a Detective for Grayson County Sheriffs Department. Perez-Merino was 

receiving text messages from the Detective that she felt threatened by.                  During the 911 call the 

Operator believed Merino was stating that Prang was at her location with a gun. 

      When Police Officers arrived, they found Perez-Merino at the location, but the suspect was 

not on the scene but had been communicating with Perez-Merino by text message.  Perez-Merino 

informed the Officers that Joshua Prang was a detective from Grayson county. Perez-Merino had 

prior communications with Prang relating to a different case she was involved with. Prang began 

sending her text messages that she felt were threatening to her. 

      Officers spoke with Perez-Merino and then contacted Prang and spoke to him. During the 

phone conversation Prang was very rude and disrespectful and went out ofhis way to insult and 

talk in a derogatory fashion about Perez-Merino.              Stating at one point that she was a "crazy" to 

which the DPD Officer speaking on the phone to Prang agreed "saying yeah it sounds like it". 

DPD officers contacted the right care team and had them speak with Perez-Merino and then 

departed. 

                                                            
                                                         10 

----------------------- Page 11-----------------------

          The basis of Perez-Merino's complaint is that she felt the officers did not adequately 

   investigate her situation but instead passed her incident off to the right care team without 

   addressing the reason she called for police assistance whichwas that she felt threatenedby the text 

   messages being sent to her from the Grayson County detective. 

         A key item for this board to consider is that this case was a No Investigation due to no 

   violation ofdepartmental rules or procedures being found. However, in light ofOCPO reviewing 

   the video footage ofthis incident some ofthe comments made by the officers on scene should be 

   revisited. 

   DPD Internal Affairs Investigation Summary: 

Below is the notice ofNo Investigation findings that was mailed to Perez-Merino for this case: 

Dear Ms. Perez-Merino, 

The Internal Affairs Division received the complaint you sent dated November 15, 2023. After areview ofthe 

information provided, we were unable to establish a violation ofdepartmental policies or procedures. As a 

result, it was determined no investigation is warranted. 

 This complaint is a duplicate to the one you filed on August 27, 2023, regarding NI#2023-868.  Your 

complaint was investigated Lieutenant Stephen Hoyer, Internal Affairs Division, and closed with an outcome 

"Duplicate Complaint- No Investigation." Ifyou would like to obtain a copy ofyour investigated files, please 

log onto www.dallaspolice.net, click on Open Records Request Form and followthe prompts; or you may call 

the Open Records Team at 214-671-3148. 

Sincerely, 
EDDIE GARCIA 
CHIEF OF POLICE 

                                                               
                                                            11 

----------------------- Page 12-----------------------

                                          Office Of Community Police Oversight 
                                                       CIVILIAN REVIEW FORM 

                               Arlene Perez-Merino 
       Complainant Name 

         ace/Se ate     8       "spore. @ma-dFe 
    D  ve  cense oIO Norte    goso«                                                 tx 

          Home St/eet Address 

             »see ?scose                    waw 
         ·--·,«'''"''; ••.   ~']' cl                                                                     morning 
                                                                                                      test t  es a' 

               one' -  8/15/2022'8/24/2023 

                  e     de 

   #esp00nose                                                               □ est4a 
    Scpp    , Doc ,.,eMs 0 
    Nev. wto, .a1,Jr "4ot 9" a C, , ~e,1 w  ·,-,,.,_p1a,,.,, D 

        In your own words  describe why you ane not satisfied wnth the response you receved tram alias Poroe Department 
                                    regarding your complaint Pease prnt or write egubhy 

            Please see attached written coplam nt and supportive documents 

Electronic Review Submission 
 Sg the completed to relectromically and return to the Otce 
  +oce Oversight by cbcxg 'ere           £Submit 

Paper Review Submission 
runt a copy of the tor  and sign'her send to one ot the below                                Date 
address 

     Print 
                       E-Mail   OCPO@dallascityhall com                   ged    tv 

                       Telephone     214670-3882 

                                                                 
                                                              12 

----------------------- Page 13-----------------------

   November 26. 2023 

   Arlene Perez-Merino 

Vallas, Texas 

   Dear Ms.  Perez-Merino 

   The Internal     Affairs  Division received the complaint vou sent dated November I5  2023                     After a 
   review of the information provided, we were unable to establish a violation of departmental policies 
   or procedures      As a result,  it was determined no investigation is warranted 

   Ihis complaint is a duplicate to the one you filed on August 27. 2023, regarding \I+2023-868.                   Your 
   complaint was investigated L ieutenant Stephen Hoyer.  Intemal Affairs Division, and closed with an 
   outcome "Duplicate Complaint- No Investigation " 

   Ifyou would like to obtain a copy  ofyour investigated files, please log onto                                    click 
   on Open Records Request Form and follow the prompts, or you may  call the Open Records Team at 
   214-671-3148 

   Sincerely. 

   F  DDIE  GARIA 
   CHIEF  OF POI  IE 

   Irene Alan1s 
   Major of Police 
   Internal Affairs Divis1on 
   Office ofthe Chet of Police 

                                                               
                                                            13 

----------------------- Page 14-----------------------

   From  ocpo @dallas gov 
Subject     vlian Complaint Form Submission Acknowledgement 
   Date   August 24  2023 at' 45 PM 
      To                    sjr         oaaa. 

         hank you tor contacting us We w review your response and will contact you t needed 

        Gracas por contactarnos  Bersaremos su espuesta y nos comumcaremos con usted s es necesaro 

        Complainant Type     Tipo de erunca  Complainant 
          tzen Name     Nombre del     vies  Arlene Perez Merino 
        ace /Baza  Hispanic 
        Sex   Sexo  Female 

                                                                              I 
         as-r 
          wudad 

           ,nt ~~• 
        es es to         a   e          lgEgg     g g       ,-g 
        t Man     orreo Electronic                              I 
        ate ot Incident   Fecha de       dente   )8/242023 
        Tme ot indent      Hora dei     Jente  1  42 A 
        Ocaton ot  ncdent address        JDcacon de  ncidente  drecu0        ele phone 
        Attachments  Jp0aded     Arv.hos aduntos catgados  Yes 

         n your own words  describe the exact nature ot the  .omplaint  Begin wth the date and iocaton ot the ncdent  then construct the tacts 
         n chronologca order    include description o' ottcer  name and badge# t known     Please print or wnte egibi 

        En sus propas palabras descnba ta  naturaleza exacta de la denunca Comence con a techa y la ubcacon del             incidente uego 
        construya los hechos en orden cronotogco Incluya la descripcon del otcal       nombre y namero de nsgra si      to  sabe: Por  tavt 
         mprima o escnba legblemente 

         tied a police repon epon Number 809394-2023.0          On July   9 2023 because ot identity thet did not get a call back untit August 
        24  2023 tom detective Stever    Badge 6308 the came trophe numtill »non answering the cal and identityng 
        humsel' wthin ? min  he stated he was not taking the case or reviewing any time o ntormatuor even though  have record/gs did 
        not bother to make an appointment to revew supporting documents the call lasted 12 mur the detective hung up or me and case 
         losed   have a ngntt a tat  investigation ot the tacts and   have not teceved t   The otticer is whe in  nature an0  am huspan 
        have been treated antanly and am not qven the right to present any supportve documents when the detectve coses the case withur 
        '2min ot the cal stating the person who committed the crime no longer  lives with me so theretore he has no unsdcto  even tho the 
        crime happened  n Dallas and  ot only was my identity stolen but    have documents trom cottens who s dentt has been stoien and 
        the ponce s over  tooking t and has made a decision betore  ailing me     request a tull  review  ot the matte  and request to speak at 
        the community overaght board meet  g 

                                                                          
                                                                       14 

----------------------- Page 15-----------------------

 November 14, 2023 

 Dallas Police Department 
 Internal Affairs Division 
 1400 Botham Jean Blvd. 
 Dallas Texas 75215 
 Phone: (214) 671-3986 
 Fax: (214) 670-8219 
 E-mail: DPDIAD@dallascityhall.com 

 Dear Internal Affairs Division/Civilian Oversight Board, 

 I hope this letter finds you well  I am writing to bring to your attentuon a series of 

 concerning incidents that I have cxpencnced with the polce department As a 

 concerned ciuzen, I believe it is crucial to address these issues and scckjustice for the 

 failures in response and investigation that I have encountere  These expenencs have 

caused me significant distress and anxiety, and I feel that something must be done to 

 ensure that these issues are properly addressed. I hope that you will take the time to 

consider my concerns and take action to rectifed these problems 

 Asa mother, it was devastating to learn that my children may have been involved in 

criminal activities.   The lack ofcare and unwillingness to investigate displayed by the 

detective Susan McClundan Darius Edbersonwas disheartening I felt like I had no 

one to turn to for help or support 

   thoughts were racing, and I felt overwhelmed by the events that were unfolding. 

 The uncertainty and confusion of the situation made my emotions run high. The only 

thing that kept me going was the hope that things would eventually get better In the 

midst of all this chaos.   I struggled to take care of myself My self-care routine went out 

the window, and I felt like I was barely holding it together I couldn't slecp, I couldn't 

cat, and I couldn't focus on anything 

On January 26, 2022 the report that I  filed regarding my identity theft and credit card 

fraud was accepted and immediacv assigned to detective Susan Mclenand.                   This was 

                                                      
                                                   15 

----------------------- Page 16-----------------------

 first experience with the Dallas police as to how detectives apparently decide what 

 thev want to investugate or not, 

 OnJanuary 22, 2022, I called 9II to report retaliation from the defendant after filing 

 charges.  The officer the morning ofJanuary 22, 2022,  an officer visited my 

 residence,  only to questioned the validity ofmy case number for the case I filed 

 against the defendants for identity theft and credit card theft, onJanuary 13, 2022, 

 when I called the day before to request police assistance because the defendants had 

 send the Right Care Team to my residence alleging I had mental issues, and wanting 

 to surcde mvself. 

 The Right Care Team arrved at my residence and after providing the police reports 

 and explaining the events, th Right Care Team determined I was not a danger to 

 mvselfor others and thev left.       The REPORT  NUMBER 800853-2022 that was 

 assigned to my case regarding ldenuty theft and credit card theft that was given to me 

 by the Dallas Police Department. I felt frustrated and disrespected when the police 

 seemed dismissive ot mv concerns. 

 The dispatcher from the Dallas Police Department was unable to locate the report 

 number I provided, which caused more confusion and wasted time This incident 

 suggests that there arc significant issues with communication and coordination within 

 the police department 

 To improve the wav these types of incidents are handled in the future. I suggest 

 implemcnung a centralzcd system for tracking report numbers.                  This would ensure 

 that all dispatchers have access to the same information, and it would help to avoid 

 the confusion and wasted time that occurred in this incident Additionally improved 

 training for dispatchers on how to handle these types ofsituations would be beneficial 

 After throughly reviewing the police reports that I have obtained,               I notice that on 

January 22, 2022 the officer that arrived at my house also arrives at my house on 8- 

 15-2022, and took down a ver important phone number I provided to the police the 

 Marshals cell number who has arrested my ex foster so for stealing a Marshals car and 

                                                       
                                                    16 

----------------------- Page 17-----------------------

the name and phone number for the Marshall, who was a crucial piece ofinformatuon 

as to the motive and intent to which I was being harassed and threatened, specifically 

because Marshal who's name Is James spoke to me advising me that both Hayden 

 Lenamond and Kelly Hans were dangerous and I should take percoustion. but it 

 seems like they didn't report that either It's concerning that the police report and the 

body  cam footage don't align with what actually happened  As a result, I was able to 

obtain a protective order against the detective leaving me vounrable and with no 

 recourse ofprotection       I was unable to keep employment due my  anxiety an PTSD 

being magnified I was forced to be homeless and live a the Samantan Inn in 

 MKinney  causing me to loose my medical benefits through Parkland because I was 

no longer a Dallas Resident causing me to be wth.  Out my medications 

On August 16, 2022, 

 I recently  August l    2023 obtained employment and an apartment in Dallas but l still 

feel unprotected because of the failure to accurately report the events and when I do 

cal] 9IIitis notable that my information populates and I am being profiled as 

mentally ll and over exageraor especuaky since l am now receiving disturbing phone 

calls from unknown numbers.           It's frustraton g that nobody seems to be listening to 

me 

In additon to the search, I'm concerned that the officers misled the mental health 

coordinator by omitting important information  They did not provide the full context 

of the situatuon 

This raises questions about the thoroughness and accuracy of their reporting. In terms 

of civil rghts, it's important to emphasize that my nght to privacy and protection from 

unwarranted searches and seizures, as well as well as my rght to be treated fairly and 

respectfully by  law enforcement may have been violated. 

Had the detective assigned to my case reached out to me and been aware ot my 

daughter's motives and actons, thus detainment could have been avoided.  I have 

attached supporting evidence, including police reports, emails,             and recordings. to 

                                                   
                                                17 

----------------------- Page 18-----------------------

substantiate my claims It is my sincere hope that you will conduct a thorough 

investigation into these incidents and take appropriate action against those responsible 

for the failures in response and investigation  I would like to emphasize the 

importance ofprompt and thorough response to emergencv calls, especially when 

there is a potentual threat to someone's life  It is crucial for the police department to 

prioritize and address such calls in a timely manner and not make decisions regarding 

legal matters such as the seventy ofwhat they thunk is happening 

I  experienced a breakdown in communication and a lack of empathy from the police 

officers   Ihe did not make an effort to understand my perspective or take mv 

concerns senously        This left me feeling unheard and unsupported 

 The police officers' dismissive and unprofessional behavior had a significant negative 

impact on my  mental and emotional well-being.  I felt disrespected and unsupported, 

which exacerbated my feelings of distress and fear I believe that the police officers 

failed to meet the standards of their profession, and their actions were a violaton of 

my nghts." 

I entered into a shelter due to the magnification of my PTSD svmptoms, which made 

it impossible for me to keep myjob and pay for my apartment  As a result, I was 

unable to see my doctor and obtain my medication for a period of five months 

 Additionally my case was not properly investigated despite my attempts to report it 

and mv  dentuty  and debt cards were stolen. leaving me unable to take anv  actuon. 

Furthermore I was unable to obtain a protective order 

I recently obtained an apartment, but I was unable to get a protective order. This has 

caused my anxiety to worsen because my address is now visible to everyone and has 

negatively impacted my  anxiety levels.I'm concerned about my safety and would like 

to address this issue as soon as possible 

In addition to the other concerns outlined above, I also request that the police 

department launch an investugaton into the actions of the officers involved, and l also 

                                                        
                                                     18 

----------------------- Page 19-----------------------

request a written apology for the distress and financial hardship that I've experienced 

as a result of their actions 

In light of the significant and lasting impact that the officers' actions have had on my 

finances, I also request that the police department provde resututon for the financal 

losses I've incurred, including lost wages, medical expenses, and the cost of relocatung 

due to safety concerns 

    I  think  it's  important  to request  that  the  invesugatuon  be  conducted  by                  an 

 independent body,  such as an outside agency or an ombudsman's office, to ensure 

 that it's conducted in a fair and unbiased manner.                  it appears that  the detective's 

 behavior may have infnnged upon my                rghts to   be treated with dignity and respect 

 my rght to due process, and my right to be free from harassment and intimidation. 

 These are  fundamental civil rights that protect individuals from mistreatment and 

 ensure  fair treatment  under the  law              Regarding my  diagnosis  of PTSD,               it  Is 

 important to note that under Tile               of the Americans with Disabilities Act  ADA, 

 PTSD is recognized as a disability            This means that you are cnuded to reasonable 

 accommodations  and protectons  agamst  discnmunation  mn various  areas  of life, 

 including employment, housing, and public services 

    Per the policies and procedures of the dallas police unit 

    Dallas Police Department Code of Conduct 

    Chapter III 

        RE EE HALL 

    CHIEF OF POLICE 

    Revised 12/10/10 

    GENERAL REQUIREMEIS 

    3  I 

    Within the City of Dallas, officers shall at all times takc appropriate actuon to 

    \ Protect life and property 

                                                    
                                                 19 

----------------------- Page 20-----------------------

    B Preserve the peace 

    C   Prevent crime 

    D Detect and arrest violators ofthe law 

    E    Enforce     all   federal,    state   and     local   laws    and     ordinances     coming 

withindepartmentaljurisdiction 

    GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 

   3  l 

   Within the City of Dallas. officers shall at all times take appropriate acion to 

    \ 

   Protect life and property 

   B 

   Preserve the peace 

   C 

   Prevent cnme. 

   D 

   Detect and arrest violators of the law 

   E 

   Enforce     all  federal,   state.   and  local  laws      and  ordinances       coming  within 

departmental junsdiction 

   3.2 

   Employees shall observe and give effect to the policies of the Department 

   3.3 

   o employee shall procure appointunent in the Department bv means of willful 

misrepresentatuon or omission ot any fact 

   conceming their  personal  history           qualifications  for employment,          or physical 

condituon 

   34 

   OfEcers shall carry their badge, identuficatuon card, and warrant of appointment at 

all tumes  Officers shall 

                                                      
                                                  20 

----------------------- Page 21-----------------------

   A.  Give their name and badge number to any person upon request. It will be given 

in writing when specifically requested 

   by a citizen. 

   B  Give the name and badge number of any or all officers that have responded to 

a police incident to any person at the 

   scene upon request It will  be given in writing when specifically requested by  a 

citizen. 

   C. Provide identification when requested 

   3.5 

   Employees      shall  provide  the  name  and  business  telephone  number of the 

employee's immediate supervasor upon request 

   by any person. 

   3.6 

   Ofiers must be armed at all  times while on duty  in the City  of Dallas unless 

directed not to carry a wcapon by the Chef of 

   Police  When an officer is on duty the weapon shall conform to the standards and 

required qualifications as set forth in the 

   General Orders. 

   3.7 

   With the exceptions listed, an officer at their option, when off-duty  may be armed 

wth a departmentally approved make 

   and caliber weapon  I armed,           the officer must be currently qualified with that 

wcapon as set forth in the General Orders 

   Exceptuons:    An ofEcer must be armed with a departmentally approved weapon. 

   4 

   At any time when in a city vehicle 

   B 

   At an tume when in uniform 

   C 

   When performing police related off-duty employment 

                                                  
                                              21 

----------------------- Page 22-----------------------

   3.8 

   No officer, when dressed in civilian clothes, shall wcar or carry a weapon in such a 

manner that it will attract attenton or be 

   in open view in public or while performing any court function, with the exception 

of when in normal investugative work areas 

   and adjacent hallways 

   3.9 

     o employee shall wear the uniform, be armed, or carry their badge  warrant, or 

denufi atuon card while      uudel suspension 

   310 

    An  officer shall   immediately  surrender their badges           warrant ot  appointment 

identification card. and citv-issued wcapon to 

   the  supervisor or  commanding  offer noufving  the  offender  of his  or her 

suspension 

   3  11 

   Employees shall not willfully  damage any  city property or equipment or property 

or quupment belonging to any catuzen or 

   other entity unless lawfully required to do so mn the performance of their dutv 

   312 

   Employees shall not cause damage to citv property or equipment or property or 

equipment belonging to a ciuzen or other 

   entutv by improper handlng or negligence 

   313 

   Sworn employees will maintain minimum departmental standards in addition to 

the Texas Commusston on Law 

   Enforcement       [COLE  requirements necessary for lcensmng of  a                Iexas  Peace 

Officer Without written approval trom the 

   Chief of Police,     no  offcer,    by   direct act or omuss1on,  wll fail  to maintain 

departmental standards and TCOLE requirements 

   Failure to maintain standards as specified by the Dallas Polce Deparunent wil 

                                                    
                                                 22 

----------------------- Page 23-----------------------

    Response to Domestic Calls:  Policies regarding how officers should respond to 

 calls involving potential domestuc disputes or conflicts. 

    Identity  Theft and Credit Card  Theft:            Policies  regarding how  officers  should 

 handle reports of identity theft and credit card theft, and how they should work with 

 victims to investigate and resolve these types of cases 

    Handling of Mental Health Issues.          Polices regarding how officers should respond 

 to calls involving individuals wth mental health issues or who may  be in criss,  and 

 how the should work wth mental 

    It's a detective's responsibility to be fair and impartial, and to investigate all sides of 

a situation before making a decision.          I  questuon that the detective Susan            Darius 

 Edberson.    Steven Badge               may  have failed to fulfilled then responsibilitus and 

they may  have been biased or even negligent in their duties 

   The  detective  never  spoke  to  the  defendant  in  order  to  understand  ther 

motivations  and perspective  That  raises even more questions  about whether the 

detecuve fulfilled ther duty to conduct a thorough investugatuon 

   When filing a complaint,  you can request remedies such as an investugaton into 

the matter,  disciplinary acuon against the detectuve if warranted,  and measures to 

prevent similar 

   Thank you for your attention to this matter.  I             kindly  request a response to this 

letter and an update on the progress of the investigation  a                    pf                   ff 

 --- 

                                                  
                                              23 

----------------------- Page 24-----------------------

              Memorandum Item 2(b) 

DATE:         5/14/2024 

TO:          Members ofthe Community Police Oversight 
             Board 

SUBJECT:       Stephen Rogers Review Request CN2023-185 

         Below are basic facts regarding the complaint case: 

         Complainant: Stephen Rogers 

         Incident Type: Report on Police Misconduct 

         IADNo: CN2023-185 

         Incident Date: 06/06/2023 

         BWC: NO 

         DPD Investigative Departments: Internal Affairs Division 

         Disposition: Unable to Establish a Violation ofDepartmental Rules 

         Involved Officers: 

         1.   Sergeant Eucora Gray # 8090 

             Allegations: 

             1.  Conduct discrediting department 

             2.  Untruthfulness when conducting police business 

         Synopsis ofIncident 
         On July 6, 2023, Sergeant Eucora Gray, #8090, Community Affairs Division, sent 

         a private email to Mayor Ronny Walker, City ofRuston, Louisiana. The letter was 

         about Sgt. Gray's complaint involving the Ruston Police Department on how they 

        were handling a shooting investigation involving Sgt. Gray's juvenile nephew. 

         Mayor Walker believed the content ofSgt. Gray's letter consisted ofunsupported 

         and baseless racial accusations against the Ruston Police Department. Ruston 

         Police Department ChiefofPolice Stephen Rogers believed Sgt. Gray's complaint 

         filed with the City ofRuston was false and malicious. 

                                                     
                                                  24 

----------------------- Page 25-----------------------

             DPD Internal Affairs Investigation Summary: 

             On June 9, 2023, Sgt. Gray was attending a funeral in her hometown ofRuston, Louisiana. 

             Later inthe day, she was notified that her nephew had been shot at a public park Sgt. Gray 

             and thejuvenile victim's mother rushed to a nearby family member's home. They went 

             subsequently to the CareFlite transfer ofthe victim, where they interacted with police 

            officers and paramedics.  Ruston Police Department body worn camera footage does not 

             support any misconduct or improper behavior from Sgt. Gray. 

            On June 28, 2023, a formal interviewwas conducted with Sgt. Gray atthe Ruston Police 

            Building. The recorded interview showed Sgt. Gray conducting herselfrespectfully when 

            cooperating with investigators. 

             Subsequently, on July 6, 2023, Sgt.  Gray filed a letter of complaint against the Ruston 

            Police Department, addressed to Mayor Walker, as a private citizen, a native ofRuston, 

            Louisiana, and a family member ofthe victim.  Sgt. Gray expressed herpersonal concerns 

            with the Ruston Police Department's procedures and citizen interactions. 

            All evidence collected documents Sgt.  Gray did not use her position and/or rank in the 

            Dallas Police Department to influence the investigation ofherjuvenile nephew's case. 

            Based on testimonial, documentary and video evidence collected during the course ofthis 

            investigation, there is no indication that any Departmental policy was violated during this 

            incident. Therefore, this administrative inquiry is classified as "COMPLETE." 

In an effort to make sure all sides ofthis case were presented for the board to review OCPO 

reached out to Officer Gray to get her side ofthe story and potentially speak at the board 

meeting. Officer Gray respectfully declined to participate. 

                                                              
                                                           25 

----------------------- Page 26-----------------------

                  Office ofCommunity Police Oversight 
                                       City ofDallas 

                                            Re 

                                OCPO REVIEW REQUEST 
DATE.    4-18-2024 

COMPLAINANT NAME:             ChiefStephen J. Rogers/Ruston LA Police Dept. 

LAD NUMBER:        CN2023-185 

CELLPHONE: 

EMAIL:                                 @.                       .COM 

IAD Investigatuon Concluded on +lo%@A 

Letter from IAD dated 'lo?o?4 

I hereby formally request the Office ofCommunity Police Oversight for the City of 
Dallas review the IAD investigation and finding of my complaint. I understand that 
the review may return the same of similar finding that the original investigation 
concluded. I understand that the review is conducted as an objective review ofthe 
facts, conduct, policies, and procedures used by DPD; that is the sole purpose of the 
review. I understand the review may result in my case being brought before the 
Community Police Oversight Board for further action and consideration. I 
understand I may be called as a witness to share my experience with the board. 

                                                                  Date  4-18-2024 

Additional Information Provided: 

Full Sworn Statement       □ [y(teS,, 
Witness Statement(s)       □ [yrfs, 

Documents                            Notes: 
                 □                          Al evidence is in Dallas PD custody. 
                                             This evidence is considered confidential. 
Evidence       t]                    Notes:. please protect 
                            aOffice of Community Police Oversight 
                        1500 Malla Street, Room 5CS I Dallas. Texas 1 75201 
                      Phone (214) 671- 8283 ] Emal OCPO@dallascar;hallcom 

                                                 
                                              26 

----------------------- Page 27-----------------------

                                                         » 

                                                     City of Dallas 

      pnl  I '0     4 

     Stephen Roger 

     Ste€Rogers@Ruston l \.po 

     Dear Mr.  Rogers 

      I  he omplamt you filed against  a  member ot  the      Dalla   P 'oh   D )punment  h,a:  been thoroughh 

     Investigated.  We reret that your  onlat wth th        Poh    D )pain  t was  le»    than atu i«tr Ji 
      ur poal that each contact with a member of our  dpanmentb on                 ah' eh pla th 'ihet 
     dee ot professionalism possible          l th   cas o     our  partuule     implant th m nsbuy     atton was 

     unable  to establish a vwolat1on of depar  mental ru l lh  m ustu        anon w Itull b     rrwlb th 

     emplovce's superrsor to determmne 1 ! any  tram mnp or     other  actuon w   tld b appopat to       1mprov 
     out  perlorman€ 

       ou are encouraged to contact Scrgcant  Alan Holms                                             u w  ldhk 
     to discuss the findings ol your    mv»patron        A ,in       1       »      a   lily       nte  'bat  v  ·u 
     have had wth our department 

     ) ou may also  request a  review by   the   Otte ot  (ommumt       Ph       or     html    u  rdissatisfied 
     with the  Police Department's mvestgatuon.      Pleas be advused that        h30 day  rom the date of 
     ths letter to make your request to the board to rvtew tndmps  i  r  mt tor                 should     u hav 
      m ny  questions  oncemnmnpg the  Offi o!     ommmns  Pih          h·st  hi                Hr   !   a!    ] 
     671.8283    Monday through l  rida 

     mnerely 

     I  D DI)  GARO A 
       HJ}  o}  YO! 

    1.4Ea) 
     lrene  \lan 

     Major  «t  Ph 

     lntrn.  I \tents B n son 
       ii of the      mf sf%oh 

     l nlosu r 

DALAS POLICE DEPARTMENT       JACK EVANS PO ICE HEADQUARTERS      1AOC BOTAM JEAN BOULEVARD      DALAS   TEXAS 

                                                              
                                                           27 

----------------------- Page 28-----------------------

Respectfully 

 ucora Gray 

From:  mns ora 

Sent:   hursday July6,  2023 7  53 PM 

To:__onewalke  @ustg ARO.               9e 
cerauoee-=                           mi= 
Subject:  Complaint Against R      ston Police Department 

Greetings Mayor Walker and Counc  Woman Carolyn Cage 

  am requesting your attention,    and actions to thus matter 

My Name s Eucora Gray I  currently ive in  Dallas. Tx         However I  was 
born and raised in Fuston  a Thus letter was prompted because of a 
shooting that occurred in Ruston  La on June 9, 2023 approximately 
6 00pm  On June 9.2023 1       happened to be home visiting for a funeral 
When I  got a disturbing call that my 12 year old nephew had been shot 
Immediately l   rushed to the location  and thereafter my nephew was 
airlifted to LSU medical center in Shreveport  La due to his age and 
possible trauma 

At the time of the shooting there was no suspect information and the 
Ruston Pohce department had no leads  On the morning of Saturday 
June 10,2023,  I   started receiving m nformation of possible suspects that 
were involved in the shooting  I  then contacted Retired Deputy Police 
Chet Jenkins  to see tf and how I     could provide the information to the 
lead investigator  He then contacted whomever and not long after I 
received a call from Investigator Eleam  I     informed  investigator Eleam 
that  was the Aunto qi_ -a                        and1was recervng 
information from the community  and         thought it was important he knew 
about it  From that day until now investigator Eleam has stayed in touch 
and worked every piece of inte he was gven and            GREATLY 
APPRE CATE hrs passion and commitment to thus case 

                                          
                                       28 

----------------------- Page 29-----------------------

 JNACCEPTABLE THERE IS A COMFORT LEVEL IN RUSTON 
 POLICE DEPARTMENT THAT NEED TO END                        EVERY    CASE 
 SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED TO THE FULLEST OF EACH OFFICER'S 
ABI.TY NO MATTER WHO THE VICTIM/COMPLAINANT RED 
 BLACK.  ORANGE GREEN BROWN OR WHITE IS ALLIVES ARE 
 MPORTANT           AND MUST BE TREATED EQUALLY AND FAIRLY 
 The conversation continued and we were informed that an arest was 
 made about an hour betore we arnved which was GREAT NEWS' AND 
 GREATLY APPRECIATED My sister asked what the arrested person 
was charged wth and Investigator Eleam stated Attempted Murder 
 2 Degree l  asked what was the bond and he stated $50,000  I  stated 
$50.000, so all they need Is $5,000 to get him out  Investigator Davis 
stated, I  know the family They don't have $5.000,  they cant get hum out 
 I then stated to investigator Davis that is incorrect Cleary you don't 
 know the family because $5,000 00 is easy for anyone to get when mt 
comes to a loved one At thus time Investigator Davis has made and or 
showed at least 3 bas, racist and or prejudice statements,  m n my 
presence and toward me The conversation continues                then ask why 
does the arrested person only have 1        charge? There were 3 victims My 
nephew the 7 year old and the 14 year old  Investigator Davis then 
stated we are still working the case I     stated that part has been worked 
whatever you used to make the arrest,         is the same information that 1s 
needed for the other two victims they were with my nephew and was 
shot at as well By the Grace of God they were not shot  They were all 
together they never left each other How was that determined? Well l will 
tell you  from the beginning my family members were stereotyped as 
suspects ages 7,  12,14 Ruston Polce (patrol officers) were dispatched 
to a shooting in Duncan Park wth black youth and again their 
PRECONCEIVED BIAS PERSONAL AND OR PREJUDICE CAUSED 
THEM TO OVERLOOK THE FACT THAT THEY WERE VICTIMS  Every 
BLACK person is not a suspect and is not the bad guy or grl in my case 

Moving forward before leaving the police station on June 28,2023 I 
requested a copy of the police report,  from both investigator Eleam and 
 vest+gator Davis Eleam had to take a phone call and investigator Davis 
told me to send him my email that he would email me the report, so l 
texted hum my email  We then left the police station 

After leaving the police station the conversation continued to play in my 
head     thought about it all mght long lwas at that time very upset  and 
disappointed at hrs approach toward me and the manner that he handled 
me as if '  was a suspect, Investigator Davis spoke to me in what l 
consider an unprofessional manner I feel he was intentionally attacking 
my character and intentionally discrediting me and trying to sabotage me 
m n the presence of the other investigator and my sister l do feel that thus 
s all based on hs lack of tramnig.  perhaps the comfort and status he has 
at the Fuston Police Department and hus PRECONCEIVED BIAS 
PERSONAL AND OR PREJUDICE It he treated me lke that as a 21 
year Dallas Police Sergeant as he was well aware of \          can only imagine 
how he treats everyone else (+     don't expect to be treated special but l  do 
expect to be treated farty)      The morning after June 29,2023 around 1 a1 
' returned to the police station to get a copy of the police report, (wmuch 
investigator Davis promised to send me but never did), and speak to 
both investigator Davis and Deputy Chef Woods who l knew was acting 
Chief because Chef Rogers was out recovering from his medical 
procedure When I  arived i       rang the doorbell because no one was at 
the front desk Investigator Eleam came to the door and asked how he 
could help me      m nformed hum that l  was there to speak to Investigator 
Davis and to get the copy of the report He brought me in and told me l 

                                         4 

                                           
                                        29 

----------------------- Page 30-----------------------

treated like thus rather you have sense enough to know because clear'y 
 they did not care about my background All they saw was a BACK 
 GIRL THANK YOU MAYOR WALKER 

 Now that   have gotten the report,  I understand the delay in wanting me 
to get the report Ruston Police Department Officers wrote police report 
 P2302100 based on their preconceived opinion and NOT the FACTS 
that they were given by the victims 

CASE COMMENTS SHOOTING NVOLVING SUSPECTED 
 JUVENILES ONE JUVENILE STRUCK ANAIRLIFTED (MY NEPHEW 
 '2 YOA) OTHER JUVENILES MY COUSINS 14 YOA AND 7YOA 
 LISTED AS UNSPEC FIED WHAT'S THAT SUSPECTS                            ' 
WHERE WAS THE INFORMATION RECEIVED THAT THEY WERE 
SUSPECTS?         +KNOW THE PRECONCEIVED NOT ON OF BLACK 
 PEOPLE  ITS UNACCEPTABLE                 The patrol officers wth the 
Sergeant on the scene allowed thus to happen Police reports should be 
entered based on facts not personal  prejudice The report shows t          It 
was clearly stated that all 3 ot my family members were together when 
someone started shooting from the woods/field Because they were the 
only ones to cal  the police and make a report that he had been shot 
once getting to the nearest safe place,  the patrol officers assumed they 
were suspects how?          The Ruston Police Department needs tramming 
on the mmitial contact of call investigation and report wnting They 
interrogated the victims' Its the police job to know the difference That's 
why the community does not cooperate or communicate with the Ruston 
Police Department Ruston Police Department is still operating in the 
 19century its time for 21'century policing Building relationships. 
bridging the gap between law enforcement and the communrty on the 
SOUTH SIDE OF 1-20 Build rapport get to know the young men and 
women in the community and work with the youth It was disheartening 
to hear Ruston Police Department no longer has a juvenile officer, I       grew 
up in Ruston when Officer Beard and Officer rown worked wth 
juveniles and knew everyone by name if someone did something they 
knew where to find them the D A RE days when officers were able to 
interact with middle school students,  which built relationships That's 
Important in a small town like Ruston There have been several 
shootings, robberies and murders to take place in Fuston and cases 
have yet to be solved  lm sure ts mostly because of the "CHERRY 
PICKING OF CASES for those who don't know, it means investigate the 
case ithey choose to,     based on ther Personal Opmmions and thoughts 
But if the rapport, and better trainmng was there more cases would be 
solved people would be treated equally and impartial 

In the repon Officer S Wiison reported the victim stated they were all 
walking together when shots were fired at them,  which       means they are 
all victims  NO WHERE ELSE IN THE REPORT OR THE ARREST (TM 
GUESSING DID ANY OF THE OFFICERS STATE WHAT THE OTHER 
VICTIMS SAID'STATED              NOR WAS THERE ANY CONCERN 
SHOWN FOR THE CHILORENI VICTIMS WHO HAD BEEN VICT MISM 
OR TRAUMATIZED MY NEPHEW HAS A BULLET ENLARGED IN HIS 
  VER AND WILL HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT FOR THE REST OF HIS 
LIFE,  NOT TO MENTION HE AND MY OTHER YOUNG COUSINS WILL 
HAVE TO LIVE WITH THE FEAR OF WALKING DOWN THE STREET 

                                        6 

                                         
                                      30 

----------------------- Page 31-----------------------

          Sent from Ma for window 

          Sent from Mal  tor W ndows 

          From.  Ronn Waxer 

          Sent:  Wednesday,July 12, 2023 859 4M 

          To es 
          Subject 

          Hope you have a great day         Hope You get this      Thanks 

          Sent from my iPhone 

          This communication  together with any attachments hereto or  nks 

          contained herein,     is tor the sole use of the intended recipient and may 

          contain m nformation that is confidential or legally protected  If you are 

          not the intended recipient,     you are hereby notified that any review. 

          disclosure, copying, dissemination  distribution or use of this 

          communication is STRICTLY PROHIBITED  If you have received thus 

          communication in error please notify the sender immediately by return 

          e mail message and delete the original and all copies of the 

          communication,      along with any attachments hereto or {inks herein from 

          your system 

          This communication together with any attachments hereto or links 

          contained herein, is tor the sole use of the intended recipient and may 

          contain information that is confidential or legally protected  If you are 

          not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review 

          disclosure, copying,    dissemination, distribution or use of this 

          communication is STRICTLY PROHIBITED  If you have received this 

          communication in error please notify the sender immediately by return 

          email message and delete the onginai          and all copies of the 

          communication,      along with any attachments hereto or /inks herein from 

          your system 

This communication together with any attachments hereto or inks contained herein,                      s 
tor the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain information that 1s 

confidential or legally protected  If you are not the intended recipient,           you are hereby 

notified that any review,  disclosure, Copying  dissemination, distribution or use of this 

communication is STRICTLY PROHIBITED              If you have received this communication In 

error  please not the sender immediately by return e  mail message and delete the 

original and all copies of the communication  along with any attachments hereto or hunks 

herein from your system 

                                                    8 

                                                     
                                                  31 

----------------------- Page 32-----------------------

                           ) 
                          ( 

        9P%@              s 
      > +          '6 
                   rr 

 4PEN, 
kt                    E  } 

           ~ 
           @ 
        Centerplate 

                         ,_     -- 
                                       
                                     32 

----------------------- Page 33-----------------------

            C.O.Brewer                            Jesse E. Griffin                                     Francis W. Bennett                    Alvin E. Moore 
           Police O[Ticer                         Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Police Offcer 
            May 24, 1892                          December 28, 1933                                     September 5, 1964                    November 13, 1976 
[IBadgeNot Available                              Badge 291                                   IBadge #1753                                   Badge #3532 

            William H. Riddell                    Luke J. Bell                                         James D. Stewart                      Robert W. Wood 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Police Officer 
            June 17, 1892                         May 18, 1934                                         November 12, 1967                     November 28, 1976 
            Badge Not Available          IBadge #153                                          IBadge #1 705                                  Badge #3641 

            William McDuff                        Ernest E. Leonard, Jr.                               Fioyd A. Knight .                     John T. McCarthy 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer           F.           Police Officer 
            December 25, 1896                     May 28, 1935                                         December 8, 1968                      February 25, 1981 
   IBadgeNot Available                   l:Badge #51                                          IBadge #2278                           IIBadge #4162 

            Leslie N. Patrick                     John W. Dieken                                       Robert H. Shipp                       CharlesJ. Maltese,Jr. 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Police Officer 
            June 13, 1901                         August 10, 1935                                      January 13, 1970                      July 31, 1981 
   IBadge #7                             IBadge #207                                          mBadge #2624                          IBadge #4210 

            T. A Tedford                          John R. Roberts                                      JohnnieT.Hartwell                     John R. Pasco 
            Police Officer                        Detective                                            Police Officer                        Police Officer 
            July 28, 1912                         December 23, 1935                                    November JO, 1971                     January 16, 1983 
            Badge #98                             Badge Not Available                                  Badge #3155                  IBadge #4545 
   I                                     I                                                     I 
                                                  Ralph W. Hoyt                                        Allen P. Camp                         Carl J. Norris 
            ~:l:Jm :~                             Police Officer                                       Police Officer                         Corporal 
            June 12, 1916                         February 10, 1937                                    March 25, 1972                        March 2, 1983 
   IBadge #115                                    Badge #31                                   IBadge #3037                                   Badge #1773 

                                                  Victor L. Morris                                     Carl J. Cooke m                       Ronald D. Baker 
            ~:i~~!r                               Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Police Officer 
            February 7, 1922                       September 15, 1941                                  May 2, 1972                           May 2, 1983 
   lBadge Not Available                           Badge Not Available                         IBadge #3024                          IBadge #4264 

            Johnnie C. Gibson                     Ernest E. Bates                                      Howard Kenton Hicks                   Robert L. Cormier 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Lieutenant 
            April 19, 1923                        December 5, 1942                                     June 23, 1972                         July 24, 1984 
            Badge Not Available          IBadge #249                                           iBadge #2374                                   Badge #1599 

            John R. Crain                         Preston D. Hale                                      Joe C. Jones                          James C. Taylor 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Reserve Officer                        ReserveOfficer 
            May 24, 1923                          February 12, 1947                                    July 29, 1972                         July 24, 1984 
    A Badge Not Available                IBadge #231                                           iBadge #R445                          iR7868 

            Dexter C. Phillips                    William E. Stafford                                  Levy McQuietor                         Thomas L. Harris 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer                         Police Officer 
            August 11, 1923                        September 5, 1948                                   August 17, 1972                       July 20, 1985 
            Badge Not Available                   Badge #564                                           Badge #2615                           Badge#4641 

                                                                                                                                          i 

   I                                     I                                                                                          I 
            Charles S. Swinney                    Johnny W.  Sides                                     Milton E. Whatley                      Gary R. Blair 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer                         Corporal 
            June 21, 1925                         February 7, 1951                                     October 7, 1973                       March 20, I 986 
            Badge Not Available          IBadge #337                                          IBadge #3143                          IBadge #4500 

            Clarence M. Isabell                   Leonard C. Mullenax                                  Donald P. Tucker, Sr.                  James A. Joe 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                      l Police Officer                       Police Officer 
            February 4, I 926                     February 10, 1962                                    December 13, 1973                     January 14, 1988 
   IBadge #15                            IBadge#926                                                    Badge #1181                  IBadge #4949 

            Alex W. Tedford                       Ray A Underwood                                      Leslie G. Lane, Jr.                   John G. Chase 
            Police Officer                        Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Police Officer 
            December 26, 1927                     August 27, 1963                                      March 2, 1974                         January 23, 1988 
   IBadge#26                                      Badge #1563                                  EBadge #2831                         IBadge #5231 
          • 
                                                  J. D. Tippit                                         Alvin D. Hallum                        Gary D. McCarthy 
                  a°                              Police Officer                                       Police Officer                        Police Officer 
            June 29, 1933                 'November 22, 1963                                           August 21, 1975                       February 26, 1988 
            Badge #170                   IBadge#848                                           IBadge #3660                          IBadge #5508 

                                                                                      
                                                                                   33 

----------------------- Page 34-----------------------

                                                                                           Lome B. Ahrens                      Pmc!E.biz 
                                                                                           Senior Corporal                     Reserve Otfieer 
        Waltr:rL Williams       · 1HenryA. Brown                                           July 8, 2016                        August22,2021 
      [ Police Officer                   Police Officer                                    Badge#8193                          budge#R427 
        August 2, 1988                   April 25, 1997                            i 
        Badge#4884                       Badge#6357 
I                                                                                          ~lio Slnt.aDdcr; Jr                 ,AtaulfoP111p1 
                                                                                           Police Officer                      SeniorCorporal 
        =R. Cadena, Sr.                  ClaudeW. Standridge                               Apl25, 2018                         Sepember23, 2021 
                                         Sergeant                                                                        ' 
                                                                                           Badge #1 093                        Badge#8oo1 
        December 13, 1988                March4, 1998                              i                                    l 
        Badge #3166                      Badge #1069 
i  9                                                                                       Ear! JamesGivens, III               SooUP. Ham 
                                                                                           Senior Corporal       #             PoliceOfficer 
        LisaL. Sandel                    Harold F. Baird,Jr.                               July 21, 2018                       November2 202I 
        Police Off5cer                   Senior Corporal                                   Badge#5484                          Budge5953 
        January 13, 1989                 August 19, 2000                                                               II 
        Badge#5580                       Badge#6004 
                                                                                           Bro•McCoy 
                                                                                           Sergeant 
  f_    MarkL. Fleming                                                                     November 16, 2020                   January2, 2022 
 -                               IIDo...F-"""""" 
        Police Officer                   Sergeant 
                                                                                                                                 - 
                                                                                           Badge #7739                         Badgem7476 
        January 14, 1989                 March 17, 2001 
                                  ' 
        Badge #5626                      Badge#3305 
i                                                                                          Mitchell A. Penton 
                                                                                           Police Officer 
        Micllael R. Olcelberty           OlristopberK.. James                              February 13, 2021 
        Police Off5cer                   Police Officer                                    Badge#11654 
        May6, 1990                       November25, 2001                          I 
IBadge#6007                      IiBadge 7154 

        ThomasG. Burchfield              PatrickL. Metzler 
 ["7 Powe omie                           Police Officer 
        May 6, 1990                       October23, 2002 
IBadge #6001                             Badge#7042                               "latPtdad toQ, 

        Sunny M. Lov                     Brian H Jackson 
        Police Officer                   Police Officer 
        November4, 1990                  November 13,2005 
IBadge#5892                              Badge#7980                              9f6 9ttau tpat" 

        La"'.ffllce D. Bromley           ~kT.Nix 
 ""hi senior Corporal                     Senior Corporal 
        December 11, 1991                March 23, 2007 
IBadge#4570                      flBadge#7906 

        Harold L. Hammons                Victor A. Lozada, Sr 
        Police Officer                    Senior Corporal 
        January22, 1992                  February22, 2008 
IiiBadge#5970                    IBadge#5761 

        Billy W. Daugherty               NoonanS. Smith 
        Senior Corporal                  Senior Corporal 
        August 14, 1992                  January6, 2009 
iBadge #3051                     iiBadge#6613 

  ,John P. Jones                         Kevin P. Marceau 
 h ! Police Officer                      Police Offcer 
2"my+3, 1992                             January 14, 201 
d"es  DBadge#6266 

        RichardA. Lawrence               Michael L Krol 
        Senior Corporal                  Police Officer 
        November9, 1993                  July 7,2016 
        Badge #3066              iiBadge #9217 

        David R Galvan                   Patricio E. Z-amarripa 
        Senior Corporal                  Police Officer 
        December 14, 1993                July 7, 2016 
IBadge i4006                     IBadge#10112 

        ThomsD. Bond                     MichaelJ. Smith 
        Senior Corporal                   Sergeant 
        December 13, 1994                July7,2016 
        Badge#5725               iBadge#6141 

                                                                          
                                                                       34 

----------------------- Page 35-----------------------

                 Memorandum Item 3b) 

DATED:           May 10, 2024 

 TO:              Community Police Oversight Board 

 SUBJECT:         Hiring Search: Director ofOCPO 

          Polihire is making great progress with the hiring search.             Polihire has provided a written 

 update that follows the in the packet. In April, many CPOB members met with Polihire to discuss 

 the candidate profile. Based on the gathered information, Polihire has moved forward with their 

 process. 

 Elaine Chandler 
 OCPO Director 

 CC: City Manager's Office 

                                                            
                                                         35 

----------------------- Page 36-----------------------

POL)HIRE. 

                                                 RECRUITMENT UPDATE 

                                                            May 9, 2024 

                                     Director, Office of Community Police Oversight 

      Current Candidate Pool- 30 previous applications received; 6 new applications since the position was 

      approved for posting on May 3, 2024. 

      Several organizations have been identified that are being utilized to assist in our identification of 

      potential candidates. We are not placing advertisements with each ofthese organizations; however, our 

      strategy is to network with each of their membership and network. The partial list includes: 

           -  NACOLE 

           - Association of Inspectors General 

           -  Association of Local Government Auditors 

           -  Local Government Hispanic Association 

                Linkedln Premium posting 

           - American Bar Association 

           -  National Bar Association 

           -  Dallas Bar Association 

           -  Dallas Asian-American Bar Association 

           -  Dallas Hispanic Bar Association 

           -  L. Clifford Davis Legal Association (The African American Bar Assn of Tarrant County, TX) 

           -  Texas Bar Association 

      Observations and Strategy to grow pool- Since posting the position on May 3, 2024, we have received 

      some feedback and traction on this position. Several potential candidates have questions about the 

      reporting structure ofthe position and the recruitment process. We continue to communicate that we 

      are now representing the city in the search for the next Director and all previous applicants, as well as 

      any new applicants will be given full consideration and evaluated against the position profile. 

      We will continue our direct, proactive outreach to individuals in our network and those that we source 

      through our outreach efforts. We will continue to monitor all advertising and postings and determine 

      which may be beneficial to our recruitment efforts. We are flagging any previous advertisements and 

      updating the contact info to ensure a seamless application process. We will note the duplicate/earlier 

      advertisements. 

      Dallas OCPO Recruitment                                                                                Kenyatta L. Uzzell 
      May 9, 2024 

                                                                   
                                                                36 

----------------------- Page 37-----------------------

POLIHIRE. 

       Stakeholder Outreach- Since our initial introduction in April, we have had the opportunity to connect 

       with at least nine members ofthe CPOB and two members representing various police groups. We 

       remain available to meet with any others attheir convenience. As indicated during our introduction, all 

       are welcome to call or email me at any time to schedule and/or meet. 

       Next Steps 

       Continued outreach to potential candidates and continued conversations with CPOB and police 

       association representatives. 

      At the presenttime, ourtimeline remains in place to have a presentation of candidates for consideration 

       in mid-late June 2024. 

      Dallas OCPO Recruitment                                                                                     Kenyatta L. Uzzell 
      May 9, 2024 

                                                                       
                                                                    37 

----------------------- Page 38-----------------------

                         Proposed Recruitment Timeline 

                                           £ 
                   Engagement                I     Introduction of 
                                                                                       Stakeholder 
                      meeting                           PoliHire 
                                                                                         Meetings 
                                                          4.lant r 

              Recruitment Opens                    Presentation of                      Candidate 
                                                      Candidates                        Interviews 

                           A                          \_n as Ar                                      ling 

        -r 

          -                                r 
                                            -                                                                  •  • 
           -      Selection and            [[                                                                    g 
       '5 , Negotiation of                       Announcement of  .' 
""     dl Employment Terms                          New Director             •   Onboarding Process  TT" 

 POLIHIRE                                 -'                                 #s                                 1 
           ·. .  -·- -                     ... -- I_-·:...:____--- -- -·-·             ESE-£, 

                                                               
                                                             38 

----------------------- Page 39-----------------------

                Memorandum Item 3(c) 

DATED:            May 10, 2024 

TO:              Community Police Oversight Board 

 SUBJECT:        Senate Bill 4 

          Over the past month, the Office of Community Police Oversight has been working on a 

 comprehensive, multifaceted approach to address the possible implementation ofSenate Bill 4. At 

 its core, Senate Bill 4 makes unlawful entry into the state of Texas from a foreign nation and 

 unlawfully remaining in the state ofTexas, a state crime. 

          The bill was passed during the 2023 special session ofthe Texas Legislature and signed 

 into law by Governor Greg Abbot. Implementation ofSenate Bill 4 has been stayed by the federal 

 courts with pending litigation in various federal appellate courts and the Supreme Court ofthe 

 United States. However, in March of2023, the Supreme Court lifted the implementation stay order 

 on the case before the court. A lower appellate court issued a new implementation stay order on a 

 separate case over the bill that is not yet before the Supreme Court. For the hours thatthe stay was 

 lifted, implementation appeared imminent without a process for community voices being heard 

 regarding implementation. 

          To share community concerns, two organizations are present for this meeting; 1) from the 

 ACLU, Sarah Cruz, Border and Immigrants Strategist and 2) Antonio Rodriguez, Chair of the 

 Brown Berets Dallas Fort Worth Chapter, and community organizer for Indigenous and Latino 

 empowerment. 

 Siara Montoya Obasuyi 
 OCPO Policy Analyst 

 CC:     City Manager's Office 

                                                          
                                                        39 

----------------------- Page 40-----------------------

                 Memorandum Item 3(d) 

DATED:           May 10, 2024 

 TO:             Community Police Oversight Board 

 SUBJECT:        CHAPTER 8 "BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS" 

          The City Attorney's .Office is here to present on the City Code Chapter 8 for Boards and 

 Commissions. Attached please find Chapter 8 for your review to formulate questions for the 

 presentation. 

 Elaine Chandler 
 OCPO Director 

 CC:      City Manager's Office 

                                                           
                                                        40 

----------------------- Page 41-----------------------

C8                                                 Boards and Commissions                                                   $8-1 

                        CHAPTER 8                                  Sec. 8-19.          Personal privilege. 
                                                                   Sec.  8-20.         Attendance. 
            BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS                                 Sec. 8-20.1.        Special attendance requirements. 
                                                                   Sec. 8-21.          Excusal during meeting. 
                         ARTICLE I. 
                                                                                           ARTICLEV. 
                       IN GENERAL. 
                                                                                     CODE OF CONDUCT. 
Sec. 8-1.           Definitions. 
Sec. 8-1.1.         Reports to the city council.                   Sec. 8-22.          Board members. 
Sec. 8-1.2.         Notice of appointment; acceptance.             Sec. 8-23.          Administrative staff. 
Sec. 8-1.3.         Eligibility of employee of franchise           Sec.  8-24.        News media members. 
                    holder.                                        Sec. 8-25.          Members of the public. 
Sec. 8-1.4.         Qualification considerations in 
                    appointments to boards.                                               ARTICLE VI. 
Sec. 8-1.5.         Limitation of terms. 
                                                                             ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES. 
                        ARTICLE II. 
                                                                   Sec. 8-26.          Board recommendations. 
                        MEETINGS.                                  Sec. 8-27.          Dealings with city employees. 
                                                                   Sec.  8-28.         Legal opinions. 
Sec. 8-2.           Regular meetings. 
Sec. 8-3.           Special meetings. 
Sec. 8-4.           Quorum.                                                                ARTICLE I. 
Sec. 8-5.           Rules of order. 
Sec.  8-6.          Public character of meetings and                                      IN GENERAL. 
                    actions; executive sessions. 
Sec. 8-7.          Notice of meetings. 
Sec. 8-8.           Report of minutes.                             SEC. 8-1.           DEFINITIONS. 

                       ARTICLE III.                                      In this chapter: 

            OFFICERS AND THEIR DUTIES.                                          (1)   BOARD         means      a    board      or 
                                                                   commission of the  city  that is  established by 
Sec. 8-9.           Chair and vice-chair.                          ordinance or the Charter of the City of Dallas. 
Sec. 8-10.          Preservation of order. 
Sec.  8-11.         Questions to be stated.                                     (2)    CHAIR means the presiding officer 
Sec. 8-12.         Reserved.                                       of a board whether appointed by the city council or 
                                                                   elected by the other members of the board.  In debate 
                       ARTICLE IV.                                 the chair shall be referred to by this official title 
                                                                   and shall be addressed by prefixing Mr. or Madam, as 
      DUTIES AND PRIVILEGES OF MEMBERS.                            the case may be, to that title. 

Sec. 8-13.         Right to floor.                                              (3)   CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION 
Sec.  8-14.        Financial interest.                             means any information that could not be obtained by 
Sec.  8-14.1.       Confidentiality.                               the public under the Texas Open Records Act. 
Sec. 8-15.         Right of appeal. 
Sec. 8-16.         Limitation of debate.                                        (4)   MEMBER means a duly appointed 
Sec. 8-17.         Voting.                                         member of a board. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 19924; 20488) 
Sec. 8-18.         Demand for roll card. 

                                                      Dallas City Code 
                                                                                                                                1 

                                                             
                                                          41 

----------------------- Page 42-----------------------

 $8-1.1                                            Boards and Commissions                                                  $8-1.2 

 SEC. 8-1.1.        REPORTS TO THE CITY COUNCIL.                                 (3)   The  text  should be  typed  and 
                                                                    reproduced directly, without typesetting. 
       (a)   By February 1  of each year, each board 
shall submit to the city council an annual report of its                         (4)   Use of photographs should be kept 
activities containing the following:                                at a minimum. 

             (1)    a   cover letter  transmitting  the                          (5)   Covers should be of color stockpaper 
report, signed by the board chair, addressed to the                 with black print and the city of Dallas logo. 
mayor and city council; 
                                                                                 ( 6)  The report may be bound if over 200 
             (2)    a table of contents;                            pages in length. 

             (3)    a mission statement and the guiding                          (7)   The city print shop should do the 
principles of the reporting body;                                   printing. 

             (4)    a list of objectives, programs, and                   (e)    Minority or dissenting viewpoints should 
success indicators for period covered in the report;                be given full disclosure in the report so that the 
                                                                    opinions of each board member are fairly conveyed. 
             (5)    a summary of the yearjust completed             The minority or dissenting report should be prepared 
including highlights of accomplishments;                            by those holding such viewpoints and it should be 
                                                                    incorporated in the report without editing, except in 
             ( 6)    a work program for the coming year             order to achieve compliance with this section.          If the 
including revised goals and a revised matrix;                       majority report, including attachments, appendices, 
                                                                    and index pages, numbers less than 100 pages, the 
             (7)    a    summary        of    the    board's        minority report will be placed after the last page of 
recommendations,  including a  summary of the                       the majority report.  If the majority report numbers 
recommendations of the minority if there is a                       100 pages or more, the minority report will be placed 
minority report;                                                    after the summary of recommendations and before the 
                                                                   body of the full majority report. 
             (8)    other information determined to be 
necessary by the board.                                                   (f)   If a board finds it necessary or important 
                                                                    to publish a report other than an annual report, the 
       (b)   Copies of the report should be furnished to           provisions of this section shall apply to the special 
the city manager, city secretary, and each member of                report. 
the board. 
                                                                          (g)   On behalf of the city council, the city 
       (c)   The public information representative of               manager shall analyze and evaluate each report 
the office of the city manager shall coordinate the                 submitted pursuant to this section by March 15 of each 
preparation of the reports within the applicable city              year.  (Ord. Nos.  14180; 15126; 15378; 20488; 21118; 
departments and generally give assistance in the                   21155) 
development of the reports. 

       (d)   The following standards for format shall               SEC. 8-1.2.        NOTICE OF APPOINTMENT; 
apply:                                                                                 ACCEPTANCE. 

             (1)    The report should be 8-1/2 inches by                  (a)   After the city council appoints a person to 
11 inches in size.    Each larger sheet should be folded            serve as a member of a board, the city secretary shall 
to this size.                                                      notify the person in writing of the appointment.  The 
                                                                   notification shall contain a copy of the city's code of 
             (2)    The text should be black and white             ethics and a form of acceptance of appointment to be 
with no color.                                                     returned to the city secretary by the appointee.          The 

                                                       Dallas City Code 
2 

                                                              
                                                           42 

----------------------- Page 43-----------------------

 $8-1.2                                           Boards and Commissions                                                $8-1.4 

 form of acceptance shall contain a statement that the                         (4)   not be an adversary party to pending 
 appointee has read the entire code of ethics and                 litigation or a claim against the city or a city 
 agrees to comply with it.                                        employee, except for eminent domain proceedings; 
                                                                  disqualification  of  an  appointee  under  this 
       (b)   The appointee must return the signed                 subparagraph may be waived by the city council 
 acceptance of appointment to the city secretary                  after review of the specific circumstances unless the 
within 15 calendar days from the date of receiving                subject of the litigation or claim involves the board on 
notice of the appointment. If the city secretary does             which the appointee will serve or the department 
not receive the signed acceptance of appointment                  providingsupport services to that board; 
within the required 15 days, that board position 
shall be considered vacant and a new appointment                               (5)   not be an employee or a business 
made.  (Ord. Nos. 15848; 18560; 20488)                            associate of either        an adversary party or a 
                                                                  representative of an adversary party, nor have a 
                                                                  pecuniary interest, in any pending litigation or claim, 
 SEC. 8-1.3.        ELIGIBILITY OF EMPLOYEE                       other than an eminent domain proceeding, against 
                    OF FRANCHISE HOLDER.                          the city relating to the board on which the appointee 
                                                                  will serve or the department providing support 
       (a)   A person who is an employee of a public              services to that board or against any individual 
utility providing service under a franchise with the              officer or employee of the support department (unless 
city is not disqualified from serving as a member ofa             unrelated to such individual's office or employment); 
board if the responsibilities of the board are not                disqualification  of an appointee  under  this 
directly related to regulation of the rates and service           subparagraph maynot be waived; 
of the public utility. 
                                                                              (6)    not be in arrears on any city taxes, 
       (b)   A board member who is an employee of a               water service charges, or other obligations owed the 
public utility providing service under a franchise                city; 
with the city shall abstain from voting and comply 
with Section 8-14 on any matter before the board                              (7)    have  a      creditable  record        of 
directly or indirectly related to the business of the             attendance and performance in any previous board 
public utility.  (Ord. Nos. 16467; 17489; 20488)                  service; and 

                                                                              (8)    not have been finally convicted of 
SEC. 8-1.4.        QUALIFICATION                                  two or more felony offenses for which the person has 
                   CONSIDERATIONS IN                              not been pardoned or otherwise released from the 
                   APPOINTMENTSTOBOARDS.                          resulting disabilities. 

      (a)    In addition to the qualifications for                      (b)   A person may serve on only one board at a 
service on a board that are mandated by the city                  time, except that this restriction does not apply to ex 
charter or other ordinances, an appointee to a board              officio board positions.  It is the city council's intent 
must:                                                             that a board member is not required to resign one 
                                                                 board position before being appointed to another 
             (1)   have been a resident of the city for          board, but must resign the first position before 
at least six months prior to the date of appointment;             accepting appointment to thenew board position. 

             (2)   be a qualified voter in the city at                  (c)   Notwithstanding Subsection (b), a person 
the time of appointment;                                         may serve on up to two boards of directors of 
                                                                  reinvestment zones established under the Tax 
             (3)   have no criminal  record that is               Increment FinancingAct,as amended. 
considered by the city council to be so serious that it 
should serve as a disqualification;                                     (d)   A person appointed to a board must meet, 
                                                                  at the time of appointment and during the entire 

                                                     Dallas City Code 
4/06                                                                                                                         3 

                                                                 
                                                              43 

----------------------- Page 44-----------------------

 $8-1.4                                            Boards and Commissions                                                  5 8-4 

 period of service on the board, all qualifications for            maximum number of terms that may be fixed for the 
 appointment to that board that are required by this               particular board by the city charter or state or 
 section and any other applicable provision of a city              federal law and will not again be eligible to serve on 
 ordinance or the city charter. This subsectiondoesnot             that same board until at least one term has elapsed. 
 apply to a qualification waived by the city council 
 pursuant to specific authority granted in a provision                   (c)   In determining whether a full term has 
 of a city ordinance or the city charter applicable to             been served by a board member, the same definition of 
 the board to which the person is appointed.                       "term" that applies to a city council member, as set 
                                                                   forth in Chapter III, Section 3A(c) of the city charter, 
       (e)   The city secretary shall inform the city              will also apply to a board member.       (Ord. Nos. 22259; 
 council if any person nominated for appointment to a              22570; 24141) 
 board has been convicted of a misdemeanor offense, 
 other than a traffic violation, in the last five years 
 or of any felony offense. [NOTE: Subsection (e) as                                       ARTICLE II. 
 adopted by Ord.    No.  26007.] 
                                                                                          MEETINGS. 
       ( e)  A person is not disqualified from board 
 service under Subsection (a)(6) if the person has 
 entered into an agreement (authorized by the city,                SEC. 8-2.          REGULAR MEETINGS. 
 state law, or court order) to pay the obligation on a 
 scheduled payment plan and is current on payments                       Each board shall determine the time and place 
under the plan and in compliance with all terms and                of its meetings.  Regular meetings shall be scheduled 
conditions of the plan. Before the person is appointed             weekly, monthly, semi-monthly, or quarterly, as the 
 or reappointed to any board, the city secretary shall             responsibilities of the board necessitate, at a location 
 inform the city council if the person is on such a                within a public building. (Ord. Nos.  14180; 20488) 
payment plan.  The city secretary shall monitor 
compliance with the payment plan and notify the 
city council and the city attorney whenever the                    EC. 8-3.           SPECIAL MEETINGS. 
person is not in compliance with the plan. The city 
secretary  shall  also  send  a  notice  of  any                         Special meetings may be called by the chair at 
noncompliance to the person, and, if the person is a               any time and shall be called by the chair upon 
current or holdover board member, the city secretary              written request of members comprising at least one- 
shall place an item on a council agenda to consider               third of the board. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488) 
removal of the person from the board.  [NOTE: 
Subsection (e) as adopted by Ord. No. 26246.]  (Ord. 
Nos. 16525; 17087; 19983; 20016; 20488; 21933; 22495;              SEC. 8-4.          QUORUM. 
26007; 26246) 
                                                                         At the beginning of each regular or special 
                                                                  meeting, the chair shall determine whether or not a 
SEC. 8-1.5.         LIMITATION OF TERMS.                          quorum exists in order to properly transactbusiness of 
                                                                  the board.     Unless otherwise provided by another 
       (a)   A person who has served as a member of a             city ordinance, the city charter, or state law, a 
particular board for four consecutive two-year terms              quorum exists when there are physically present a 
will not again be eligible to serve on that same board            simple majority of the number of members officially 
until at least one term has elapsed, regardless of                appointed to the board, regardless of the total 
whether service was as  a  member or chair.                       number of members actually provided for the board, 
Disqualification of a board appointee under this                  except that noboard required to be composed of 15 or 
subsection may be waived by the city council after a              more members may have a quorum of fewer than six 
review of the specific circumstances.                             members.  If a quorum does not exist 30 minutes after 
                                                                  the time for which the meeting was called, the chair 
       (b)   Notwithstanding Subsection (a), a person             shall adjoum the meeting and either re-schedule the 
may serve as a member of a particular board for the 

                                                      Dallas City Code 
4                                                                                                                         4/06 

                                                                 
                                                              44 

----------------------- Page 45-----------------------

 s8-4                                              Boards and Commissions                                                  $8-9 

 meeting at its next regular time or call a special                SEC. 8-8.          REPORTOF MINUTES. 
 meeting, depending on the circumstances.  (Ord. Nos. 
 14180, 20488; 23123)                                                    Each board shall submit to the city secretary of 
                                                                   the city, within five days following each regular and 
                                                                   special meeting, a list of members absent from the 
 SEC. 8-5.          RULES OF ORDER.                                meeting and a copy of the minutes of the meeting. 
                                                                   (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488) 
       Unless otherwise stipulated by the board or 
 this chapter, proceedings of a board shall in all cases 
 be governed by rules of order asset forth in "Robert's                                   ARTICLE III. 
 Rules of Order." (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488) 
                                                                              OFFICERS AND THEIRDUTIES. 

 SEC. 8-6.          PUBLIC CHARACTER OF 
                    MEETINGS AND ACTIONS;                          SEC. 8-9.          CHAIR AND VICE-CHAIR. 
                    EXECUTIVE SESSIONS. 
                                                                         (a)   The chair shall, when present, preside at 
       (a)   All meetings of a board shall be open to              all meetings of the board.  In the absence of the chair, 
 the public unless pertaining to matters authorized                the vice-chair shall exercise the powers of the chair. 
under the Texas Open Meetings Act tobe discussed in                The seniority of the vice-chairs, if more than one, 
 executive session.  All actions of the board shall be             must be stipulated at the time of their selections.        If 
public and sufficient copies of the minutes shall be               the chair ceases to preside during a meeting and no 
made available by the city secretary to staff                     vice-chair is available, the chair may, subject to the 
members, the news media, and other interested                      approval of the board, appoint a temporary chair. 
persons upon request.                                             The  first adjournment puts  an end to  this 
                                                                   appointment. 
       (b)   When meeting in executive session, a 
board shall publicly announce the category under the                     (b)   The presiding officer shall rule on points 
Texas Open Meetings Act that permits the executive                 of order and procedures that are brought up in board 
session, tape record the executive session, and comply            meetings. 
with all other requirements of the Texas Open 
Meetings Act applicable to executive sessions.                           (c)   If the chair and all vice-chairs are absent 
                                                                  at the beginning of a meeting, the board shall elect a 
       (c)   A printed agenda of items tobe considered            temporary chair. 
at each regular meeting shall be posted for public 
inspection at least three days prior to the meeting.                     (d)   In debate the chair must be referred to by 
                                                                  official title and be addressed by prefixing Mr.  or 
       (d)   Compliance with this section shall be the            Madam, as the case may be, to that title. 
responsibility of the city department designated to 
provide staff support to the board.  The city secretary                  (e)   Unless specifically provided otherwise in 
shall be responsible for establishing guidelines for              the ordinance or city charter provision creating a 
the security of all tapes on which board executive                particular board: 
sessions are recorded pursuantto Subsection (b). (Ord. 
Nos. 14180; 20302; 20488)                                                      (1)    the vice-chair of every board of the 
                                                                  city must be appointed by the full city council; and 

SEC. 8-7.          NOTICE OF MEETINGS.                                         (2)   no city board may have more than 
                                                                  one vice-chair appointed to serve on it at any given 
      Notice of all special and regular meetings of               time.  (Ord. Nos. 14180; 18997; 20488; 22259) 
the board shall be published in accordance with the 
Texas Open Meetings Act. (Ord. Nos. 14180;20488) 

                                                      Dallas City Code 
4/06                                                                                                                           5 

                                                                 
                                                              45 

----------------------- Page 46-----------------------

 8-10                                             Boards and Commissions                                              $ 8-14.1 

 SEC. 8-10.         PRESERVATION OF ORDER.                                     (3)   refrain from voting on the matter. 

       The chair shall preserve order anddecorum and                    (b)    Notwithstanding  Subsection  (a),  a 
 shall appoint a sergeant-at-arms and a deputy to                 member of the board of directors of a reinvestment 
 enforce compliance with the rules contained in this              zone established under the Tax Increment Financing 
 chapter.    The chair shall require members of the               Act, as amended, may. 
board engaged in debate to limit discussion to the 
 question under consideration. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488)                        (1)   own      property        within      that 
                                                                  reinvestment zone; and 

 SEC. 8-11.         QUESTIONS TO BE STATED.                                    (2)   participate in discussions and voting 
                                                                  on matters before the board of directors that may 
       The chair shall state all questions submitted              directly or indirectly affect the member's property 
for a vote, call for an affirmative and negative vote,            within the reinvestment zone.          (Ord. Nos.  14180; 
and announce the result.         A roll call vote shall be        18560; 20488; 21961) 
taken upon the request of any member.            (Ord. Nos. 
 14180; 20488) 
                                                                  SEC. 8-14.1.       CONFIDENTIALITY. 

 SEC. 8-12.         RESERVED.                                           (a)   The confidentiality of any file, record, or 
                                                                  other data received by a board that pertains to a 
       (Repealed by Ord. Nos. 18997; 20488)                       land purchase, security, personnel, or legal matter 
                                                                  shall be strictly maintained by every member. 

                       ARTICLE IV.                                      (b)   A  member commits an offense if the 
                                                                  member discloses to another person confidential 
             DUTIES AND PRIVILEGES OF                             information obtained in the course ofboard duties. 
                        MEMBERS. 
                                                                        (c)   It is a defense to prosecution under 
                                                                  Subsection (b) that the disclosure was made: 
SEC. 8-13.         RIGHT TOFLOOR. 
                                                                              (1)    to another member of the same board 
      When recognized by the chair, a member shall                or to city staff assigned to the board; or 
confine remarks to the question under debate, avoid 
personalities, and refrain from impugning the                                 (2)    as compelled testimony in a court 
motives of any other member's argument or vote. No                proceeding. 
member shall address the chair or demand the floor 
while a vote is being taken. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488)                   (d)   An offense under this section is punishable 
                                                                  by a fine not to exceed $500. 

SEC. 8-14.         FINANCIAL INTEREST.                                  (e)   Any board member determined by the city 
                                                                  council to have violated this section shall forfeit 
       (a)   A member stopped from voting on a matter             membership on the board. A board member required 
for reasons of financial interest shall:                          to forfeit board membership under this section is 
                                                                  entitled to a public hearing in accordance with 
             (1)   refrain from discussing the matter at          Section 17, Chapter XXIV of the city charter.          (Ord. 
any time with any other member of the board or any                Nos.  19924; 20488) 
other body that will consider the matter; 

             (2)   leave the room during debate and 
hearing; and 

                                                     Dallas City Code 
6                                                                                                                        4/06 

                                                                
                                                             46 

----------------------- Page 47-----------------------

 $ 8-15                                           Boards and Commissions                                              $8-20.1 

 SEC. 8-15.         RIGHTOF APPEAL                                board. It shall not be in order for members to explain 
                                                                  their votes during the roll call.       (Ord. Nos. 14180; 
       A member may appeal to the board from a                    20488) 
 ruling of the chair.     If the appeal is seconded, the 
 member making the appeal may briefly state reasons 
 for the appeal and the chair may briefly explain the             SEC. 8-19.         PERSONAL PRIVILEGE. 
 ruling, but thereshall be no debate on the appeal and 
 no other member shall participate in the discussion.                   The right of a member to addressthe board on a 
 The chair shall then put the question, "Shall the                question of personal privilege shall be limited to 
 decision of the chair be sustained?"  If a majority of           cases in which the member's integrity, character, or 
 the members present vote "Aye,"  the ruling of the               motives are assailed, questioned, or impugned.  (Ord. 
 chair is sustained; otherwise it is overruled.  (Ord.            Nos. 14180; 20488) 
Nos. 14180; 20488) 

                                                                  SEC. 8-20.         ATTENDANCE. 
 SEC. 8-16.         LIMITATION OF DEBATE. 
                                                                        (a)  No member shall be  excused  from 
       No member shall be allowed to speak more                   attendance at a board meeting, unless for medical 
than once upon any one subject until every other                  reasons certified to by a physician or unless excused 
member choosing to speak on the subject has spoken,               by theboard and the city council.  A member having 
and no member shall speak more than twiceupon any                 three unexcused absences in succession shall forfeit 
one subject, nor for a longer time than five minutes,             membershipon theboard. 
without a two-thirds affirmative vote of the board. 
(Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488)                                                (b)   A member of a board that meets weekly or 
                                                                  biweekly, who is absent from more than 25 percent of 
                                                                  the regular meetings in any six month period, 
SEC. 8-17.         VOTING.                                        whether excused or not, shall forfeit membership on 
                                                                  the board. 
       Every member present when a question is put 
shall vote either "yes" or "no," unless the member is                   (c)   A memberof a board that meets monthly, 
prevented from voting because of conflict of interests.           who is absent from more than 25 percent of the regular 
A member who is absent from the meeting during a                  meetings during any 12 month period, whether 
vote and returns to or arrives at the meeting before              excused or not, shall forfeit membership on the board. 
adjournment shall, upon returningor arriving,vote on 
the question for the record unless prevented from                       (d)  An office that has been forfeited under 
voting by a conflict of interests. A member recorded              the provisions of this section shall be filled for the 
present during a meetingwho doesnot vote andwho is                remainder of the term by appointment of the city 
not prevented from voting by a conflict of interests              council. 
shall be recorded as having voted in the affirmative, 
unless the member has obtained the consent of the                       (e)   For purposes of this section, the record of a 
chair to leave the meeting and is absent for the                  member's absences will begin with the first regular 
remainder of the meeting.        (Ord. Nos. 14180; 14326;         meeting after the 15th day from the date the member 
20488)                                                            received notice of appointment. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 
                                                                  15848; 20488) 

SEC. 8-18.         DEMAND FOR ROLL CALL. 
                                                                  SEC. 8-20.1.       SPECIAL ATTENDANCE 
      Upon demand from any member, made before                                       REQUIREMENTS. 
the negative has been put, the roll shall be called for 
"Yeas"  and "Nays" upon any question before the                         If a board or commission, as part of its decision- 
                                                                 making process, schedules an inspection trip to the 

                                                     Dallas City Code 
4/06                                                                                                                         7 

                                                                 
                                                              47 

----------------------- Page 48-----------------------

 $ 8-20.1                                         Boardsand Commissions                                                 $ 8-24 

 location of a matter that is to be considered by the             member is called to order while speaking, the 
 board or commission at that day's meeting, a member              member shall cease speaking immediately until the 
 will be counted absent unless:                                   question of order is determined. If ruled to be in order, 
                                                                  the member shall be permitted to proceed.  If ruled to 
             (1)    the  member  attends  both  the               be not in order, the member shall remain silent or 
 inspection trip and the meeting; or                              otherwise comply with rules of the board. 

             (2)    the  member represents  that  a                     (d)   All members of the board shall accord the 
 personal inspection has been made of each location               utmost courtesy to each other, to city employees, and 
 visited by the inspection trip and attends the                   to members of the public appearing before the board 
 meeting.  (Ord. Nos. 17948; 20488)                               and shall refrain at all times from rude and 
                                                                  derogatory remarks, reflection as to integrity, 
                                                                  abusive comments, and statements as to motives and 
 SEC. 8-21.         EXCUSAL DURING MEETING.                       personalities. 

       A member may not leave a board meeting in                        (e)   Board  members  shall  confine  their 
 regular session without acknowledgement by the                   questions as to the particular matters before the 
 chair.  A member who leaves a board meeting after                assembly and, in debate, shall confine their remarks 
 the board has been duly called to order and is absent            to the issuesbefore the board. 
 for the remainder of the meeting, without first 
 obtaining the consent of the chair, shall be charged                   (f)   Members shall be removed from the 
with an unexcused absence for that meeting.              The      meeting for failure to comply with decisions of the 
consent of the chair may be given only in an                      chair or continued violations of the rules of the board. 
emergency beyond the control of the member that                   If the chair fails to act, any member may move to 
requires the member to leave the meeting.  (Ord. Nos.             require the chair to enforce the rules, and the 
 14180;14326;20488)                                               affirmative vote of a majority of the board shall 
                                                                 require the chair to act. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488) 

                        ARTICLEV. 
                                                                  SEC. 8-23.        ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF. 
                  CODE OF CONDUCT. 
                                                                        (a)   Members of the administrative staff and 
                                                                 employees of the city may attend board meetings but 
 SEC. 8-22.        BOARD MEMBERS.                                shall observe the same rulesofprocedure and decorum 
                                                                 applicable to members ofthe board. 
       (a)   During board meetings, board members 
shall preserve order and decorum and shall neither,                     (b)   All remarks and questions addressed to 
by conversation or otherwise, delay or interrupt the             the board by a staff member shall be addressed to the 
proceedings nor refuse to obey the orders of the chair           board as a whole andnot to any individual member. 
or the rules of theboard. 
                                                                        (c)   No staff member, other than a  staff 
       (b)   Every board member desiring to speak                member having the floor, shall enter into discussion 
shall address the chair and, upon recognition by the             either directly or indirectly without permission of 
chair,  shall limit remarks to the question under                the chair.  (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488) 
debate and shall avoid discussion of personalities 
and indecorous language. 
                                                                 SEC. 8-24.         NEWS MEDIA MEMBERS. 
      (c)    A board member, once recognized, shall 
not be interrupted while speaking unless called to                      (a)   During the conduct of official business, 
order by the chair, except when a point of order is              members of the news media shall occupy spaces 
raised by another member or the speaker chooses to               allocated for them. 
yield to questions from another member.  If a board 

                                                     Dallas City Code 
8                                                                                                                        4/06 

                                                                
                                                             48 

----------------------- Page 49-----------------------

 $8-24                                             Boards and Commissions                                               $ 8-28 

       (b)    Members of the news media shall refrain             city to the appropriate city department or the city 
 from conversing privately with other persons in the              council.  In no event shall the members of the board, 
 meeting room during the conduct ofofficial business.             either individually or as a board, circumvent the 
                                                                  administrative procedure through which such 
       (c)    Interview of persons attending board                information is to pass.  If no action is taken, or the 
 meetings shall be conducted outside themeeting room.             resolution or suggestion is not properly passed to the 
 (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488)                                         city council or appropriate city officials, then, upon 
                                                                  motionduly made, seconded, and passedby a majority 
                                                                  of the members, the chair of the board shall be 
 SEC. 8-25.         MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC.                        directed and authorized to make known the wishes of 
                                                                  the board to the city council or appropriate city 
       (a)   Citizens are welcome to attend all official          official. 
 meetings of city boards and will be admitted to the 
 meeting room up to the fire safety capacity of the                     (b)    Unless approved by the city council, 
 room.                                                            members of a board, either individually or as  a 
                                                                  board, shall not present board recommendations, 
       (b)   Members of the public attending board                resolutions, reports, or findings to persons or agencies 
 meetings shall observe the same rules of propriety,              outside the city organization except in the ordinary 
 decorum, and good conduct applicable to members of               course of official board meetings.  (Ord. Nos. 14180; 
 the board.  Any person making personal, impertinent,             16226; 20488) 
 and slanderous remarks, or who becomes boisterous 
while addressing the board or while attending the 
board meeting, shall be removed from the room if the              SEC. 8-27.         DEALINGS WITH CITY 
 sergeant-at-arms is so directed by the chair, and the                               EMPLOYEES. 
person shall be barred from attendance for the 
balance of the meeting.                                                 Under no circumstances shall members of a 
                                                                  board or commission interfere in any manner with the 
       (c)   Unauthorized remarks from the audience,              employees or personnel who work with or under the 
stamping of feet,  whistles, yells, and similar                   board, but they shall in all cases make their wishes 
demonstrations shall not be permitted by the chair,               known to the head of the department, who shall 
who shall direct the sergeant-at-arms to remove                   handle the matter with employees the same as in 
offenders from the room. Aggravated cases shall be                other employee-personnel problems.  The board shall 
prosecuted on appropriate complaint signed by the                 confine itself to the guidelines provided in the 
chair.   If the chair fails to act, any member of the             charter, appointing ordinance, or resolution that sets 
board may move to require the chair to act to enforce             out the duties of the board. (Ord. Nos. 14180; 20488) 
the rules, and the affirmative vote of the majority of 
the board shall require the chair to act. (Ord. Nos. 
 14180; 20488)                                                    SEC. 8-28.         LEGAL OPINIONS. 

                                                                        If a legal opinion has been rendered by the city 
                                                                  attorney regarding a board's powers, duties, or 
                       ARTICLE VI.                                responsibilities, that board shall conform its actions 
                                                                  in accordance with the opinion of the city attorney 
          ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES.                              unless such opinion is in conflict with a decision by a 
                                                                  court ofcompetentjurisdiction. (Ord. 21132) 

EC. 8-26.          BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS. 

       (a)   All recommendations, resolutions, reports, 
and findings of a board shall be submitted through 
established administrative procedures within the 

                                                     Dallas City Code 
4/06                                                                                                                         9 

                                                                 
                                                              49 

----------------------- Page 50-----------------------

                                                           Boardsand Commissions 

                                                          [Intentionally lfte       blank] 

                                                               Dallas City Code 
 10                                                                                                                                             4/06 

                                                                            
                                                                          50 

----------------------- Page 51-----------------------

                 Memorandum Item3(e) 

DATED:           May 10, 2024 

 TO:             Community Police Oversight Board 

 SUBJECT:        City Manager Review ofDynell Lane 

          In April 2024, Mr. Lane requested a review ofDPD disciplinary decision for the officers. 

 IAD investigation sustained the allegations against the officers in Mr. Lane's case. Ordinance 

 31192 §37-32(a)(6) empowers CPOB to request the city manager to review disciplinary action by 

 the chiefin a case when the board considers it appropriate. On April 9, 2024, the Board voted to 

 have the City Manager review the case and the disciplinary action. 

          On April 18, 2024 CPOB Chairman sent a letter to the City Manager. The letter is attached. 

 As of this date, the CPOB awaits the City Manager's Office's findings but has received 

 confirmation ofreceipt ofthe CPOB's referral. 

 Elaine Chandler 
 OCPO Director 

 CC:      City Manager's Office 

                                                           
                                                        51 

----------------------- Page 52-----------------------

                MemorandumItem 3(g) 

DATED:           May 10, 2024 

 TO:             Community Police Oversight Board 

 SUBJECT:        CPOB Standing Committees 

          The CPOB has four standing committees according to the Rules ofProcedure. 

          Policy Committee. This committee shall review, debate, and conduct policy reviews for 
 DPD on behalfofCPOB. This committee shall consider and draft policy DPD recommendations 
 for the entire Board's review and action.  The committee shall make monthly reports to the Board 
 on its progress, direction, and activities. 

          Outreach Committee. This committee shall monitor and track each CPOB member's 
 community outreach per term to ensure each CPOB member is in compliance with the 
 requirements of Ordinance 31192 $37-31.3. The committee shall make quarterly reports to the 
 Board on its monitoring and member compliance. 

         Training Committee. This committee shall make training recommendations to the CPOB, 
 including training for the Annual Retreat and compliance with Ordinance 31192 $37-31 g). The 
 committee shall monitor and trach each CPOB member's training activities in accordance with the 
 ordinance. The committee shall make reports to the Board on its recommendations as they are 
 offered for consideration from the entire CPOB for adoption. 

         Rules Committee. This committee shall make recommendations to the CPOB on proposed 
 amendments to the CPOB's rules ofprocedure. The committee shall make a report to the Board 
 on its activities should the committee take any action or hold a meeting. 

 Elaine Chandler 
 OCPO Director 

 CC:     City Manager's Office 

                                                          
                                                       52 

----------------------- Page 53-----------------------

        Memorandum Item3(h) 

   oATE May 10, 2024 

    ro Members ofthe Community Police Oversight Board 

suer DPD Monthly Arrest Data 

       Attached is the monthly arrest data requestedby the Board for the month ofApril 2024. 

       It was preparedby the Dallas Police Department Crime Analysis- GIS Team ofthe DPD 

       Research and Development Division. 

       Chairman John Mark Davidson will lead the Board Presentation 

       Elaine Chandler 
       OCPO Director 

        CC: City Manager's Office 

                                                               
                                                            53 

----------------------- Page 54-----------------------

           ATTACHMENT 

DALLAS POLICE DEPARTMENT 

           Monthly Arrest Data 

                   April 2024 

                             
                          54 

----------------------- Page 55-----------------------

           Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                       and Zip Code: Apr-2024 

                                                                                                                                                             z 
                                                 ...    y       t  t  Lu               0      p       co      0      o       ...     (y     r       t 
                                                                                                                     ...     ...     ...    ...     ...      G 
   NIBRSCrime                                    o      o       o      o       o       o       o      o       o      o       o       o      o       o        >  Total 
                                                 O      O       O      O       V       0      V       O       V      O       O       O      V       O        3 
                                                                                                                                                             0 

   AGG ASSAULT - FV                               3       2      3       5       1      6       10      8              3       1      1       1       1              45 

   AGG ASSAULT - NFV                              3       6      3       1       2      5       13      4      3       4       1      2       1       3              51 

   ALL OTHER LARCENY                              6       1      1       3       3      3       3       1                                                    1       22 

   ALL OTHER OFFENSES                             11     12      3       9       8      36      18      8      2       7       3      3       12     11      6      149 

   ANIMAL CRUELTY                                                                               1                                                                    1 

   APOWW                                          21     64      28     29      12      38      34     23      19      7      21      13      19     33            361 

   ARSON                                                                                                               1                                             1 

   ASSISTING OR PROMOTING PROSTITUTION                                                  2                                                                            2 

   BURGLARY-BUSINESS                                      2      1       1       1              1               1                                     1              8 

   BURGLARY-RESIDENCE                                     4                             1       2              3                                      1              11 

   DESTRUCTION/ DAMAGE/ VANDALISM OF 
                                                          3      1       2              2       1       1      2               1                      1              14 
   PROPERTY 

   DISORDERLY CONDUCT                             2       4              2              4                      2       1       1      1       2      4               23 

   DRUG EQUIPMENT VIOLATIONS                      3       1      1       5       1      7       1       5              1       1              1      2               29 

   DRUG/ NARCOTIC VIOLATIONS                      17     20      7      32      13      48      55      9      12      15      4      1       4      12      1     250 

   DUI                                            4      20      2       9       4      11      8       3      4       3       7      1       8      16             100 

   EMBEZZELMENT                                                                                                                               1                      1 

   FALSE PRETENSES/ SWINDLE/ CONFIDENCE 
                                                  1       2                             2       5       2                      1              1                      14 
   GAME 

   FAMILY OFFENSES, NONVIOLENT                    1                                                                                           1                      2 

   FONDLING                                                                                     1                                                                    1 

   HUMAN TRAFFICKING, COMMERCIAL SEX 
                                                                                        2                                                                            2 
   ACTS 

   IDENTITY THEFT                                         3              1       1      1       4                      1       1                      1              13 

   INTIMIDATION                                   1       2      3       2       1      1       2       2      3       2              1       2      3               25 

   KIDNAPPING/ ABDUCTION                                                 1                                                            1                              2 

   LIQUOR LAW VIOLATIONS                                                                2                                                                            2 

   PORNOGRAPHY/ OBSCENE MATERIAL                                                                               1                                                     1 

   PUBLIC INTOXICATION                            4      12      3       5       2      12      6       3      2       6              2       4      14              75 

   RAPE                                                   2                      1                                                                                   3 

   ROBBERY-BUSINESS                                                      2              2                                      1              1                      6 

   ROBBERY-INDIVIDUAL                             1       5      3               1              1              1                      1       1                      14 

   SHOPLIFTING                                            2              1              5               1      2       1       3             11      5              31 

  SIMPLE ASSAULT                                  17     36      22     33      19      37     40      30     20      31      17      13     15      32      1     363 

  THEFT FROM MOTOR VEHICLE                                1      2       2              1       1       2                             1                      1      11 

  THEFT OF BUILDING                                                                                                    1                                             1 

  TRAFFIC VIOLATION - HAZARDOUS                           6      1       2              9               3                      2      1       1              1       26 

  TRAFFIC VIOLATION - NON HAZARDOUS                              3       1              3       1       1      1       3              1              2               16 

Source:[G/SDPDJ.[dbo].[Arrestee Tota/24],[N/BRSJ.[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ ByCT]            /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy                   5/1/2024 10.30.06AM 
                                                                                          Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 
                                                                                       55 

----------------------- Page 56-----------------------

            Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                           and Zip Code: Apr-2024 
                                                                                                                                                                          z 
                                                     ...     N       n        t  Lu           Do      p        co      0       o        ...     N       tr      t 
                                                                                                                               ...      ...     ...     ...     ... 
   NIBRS Crime                                       o       o       o        o       o       o       o        o       o       o       o        o       o       o               Total 
                                                     V       V       0       V        V       V       V        O       O       O       0        O       O       O         % 
                                                                                                                                                                          0 

   TRESPASS OF REAL PROPERTY                           6      23       5       2        3       7       3       4        3       8       4                2       5               75 

   UUMV                                                5       9       2       3        6       4       3        3       4       3       2        1       4       3       3       55 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - FV)                        2                        1       1        1      3        1                1               1       1       3       15 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ASSAULT - NFV)                       3               2        2                        1       1                                                2       11 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY - 
                                                                                                                                                                          1       1 
   BUSINESS) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (AGG ROBBERY - 
                                                                                1                               2                                                                 3 
   INDIVIDUAL) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ALIAS/CAPIAS)                   7       27       10      17       9      17       12      7        2       6       5        1       3       12      8      143 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ANIMAL CRUELTY)                                           1                                                        1                                        2 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ARSON)                                                                            1                                                                         1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - FV                    4        5               4        1       5       7       2        3       2       1                        1       6       41 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ASSAULT - NFV)                                           1        1       1                1               1                                1               6 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY - 
                                                                       1       1                1                                                                 1       1       5 
   BUSINESS) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (BURGLARY - 
                                                                                        1                                1                                                        2 
   RESIDENCE) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (CRIMINAL 
                                                                                                1                                                                                 1 
   TRESPASS) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (DRUG/NARCOTICS 
                                                               1                                                                                                          1       2 
   VIOLATIONS) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (DWI)                                                                                                                                        1               1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (FONDLING)                                1                                                                                                                  1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (HUMAN 
                                                                                               4                                                                                  4 
   TRAFFICKING)COMMERCIAL SEX ACT) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (INTIMIDATION)                                                             1                                1                                        3       5 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (KIDNAPPING)                                                                       1                                                                         1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (MANSLAUGHTER)                                                                             1                                                                 1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (MURDER)                                 4                4                                2                                                                 10 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (OTHERS)                         1        3               1                        2       2        1                                1       1       2       14 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (PAROLE VIOLATION)                                                                         1                                                                 1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (PORNOGRAPHY)                                                                                                                                1               1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (PUBLIC 
                                                                                                        1                                                                         1 
   INTOXICATION) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (RAPE)                                    1                                1       2                                                                         4 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ROBBERY - 
                                                                                                1               1                                                                 2 
   BUSINESS) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (ROBBERY - 
                                                               1                                                1       2                                 1               1       6 
   INDIVIDUAL) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (SEX OFFENSE - 
                                                                                                                                                          1                       1 
   INDECENT CONDUCT) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (SEX OFFENSES)                           4                        2        1               2                                                                 9 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (SODOMY)                                                                           1                                                         1               2 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (TERRORISTIC 
                                                                               1                                1                                                                 2 
   THREAT) 

  WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT - SHOPLIFT)                                 1       1                                                                                                  2 

Source:[GISDPD][dbo].[Arrestee7Total24),[NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT]                     /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy                       5/1/2024 10.30.06 AM 
                                                                                                 Reports, CPOB Arrest_Portrait  
                                                                                               56 

----------------------- Page 57-----------------------

          Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                       and Zip Code: Apr-2024 
                                                                                                                                                             z> 
                                                 ...    tu      tr      ..,.   Lu      0       p      co      0       o      ...     N       n      ¢ 
                                                                                                                      ...    ...     ...     ...    ...      G 
   NIBRSCrime                                    o      o       o       o      o       o       o      o       o       o      o       o       o      o              Total 
                                                 u      O       O       O      0       u       u      u       u       O      u       u       O      u        s 
                                                                                                                                                             0 
   WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT FROM                                                                        1                                                             1 
   PERSON-PICKPOCKET) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT OF PROP -              1                                                                                                                  1 
   AUTO ACC) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (THEFT OTHER)                 1      2                              2                      2                                     2               9 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (TRAFFIC FATALITY)                                                                                 1                                             1 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (TRAFFIC VIOLATION 
                                                                                         1                                                                            1 
   - OTHER THAN ALIAS OR CAPIAS) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (VANDALISM & 
                                                   1      1                      1       1                                                                           4 
   CRIMINAL MISCHIEF) 

   WARRANT DALLAS PD (WEAPONS)                            1                                      1                                                                   2 

   WARRANT HOLD (FEDERAL AGENCY)                                                 1                                                                                    1 

   WARRANT HOLD (NOT A DPD WARRANT)               20     81      39      39     25      79      68      48     16      30      14     18      19     42       6     544 

   WEAPON LAW VIOLATIONS                          3       4       4      16      4      12      20      12      1      4               1              2              83 

   Total                                         144     383    149     242     127    380     331     201    115     143     93      64     118     216     48    2754 

Source:/GISDPD]. [dbo].[Arrestee Total24][NIBRS].[dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT]             /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy                    5/1/2024 10.30.06 AM 
                                                                                           Reports, CPOB Arrest_Portrait 
                                                                                       57 

----------------------- Page 58-----------------------

          Monthly Arrest (Highest Charge) by Council District, Race, Sex 
                                                  and Zip Code: Apr-2024 

Race                                  Count        Sex                         Count       Council  District    Count       Zip Code           Top 30 
                                                                                                                                               Count 
American Indian or Alaska Native         6         Female                       689         CD1                   144 
                                                                                                                             75220               187 
Asian                                    7         Male                         2065        CD 2                 383 
                                                                                                                             75215               183 
Black                                   1374       Total                        2754        CD 3                  149 
                                                                                                                             75216               168 
Hispanic or Latino                      B73                                                 CD4                  242 
                                                                                                                             75217               131 
Middle Eastern                           6                                                  CD 5                  127 
                                                                                                                             75241               122 
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander         4                                                  CD6                  380 
                                                                                                                             75228               117 
Unknown                                  1                                                  CD7                  331 
                                                                                                                             75243               113 
White                                   483                                                 CD8                  201 
                                                                                                                             75211               106 
Total                                  2754                                                 CD9                   115 
                                                                                                                             75229               100 
                                                                                           CD10                   143 
                                                                                                                             75201                88 
                                                                                           CD 11                  93 
                                                                                                                             75227                84 
                                                                                           cD 12                  64 
                                                                                                                             75204                81 
                                                                                           CD13                   118 
                                                                                                                             75231                72 
                                                                                           CD14                  216 
                                                                                                                             75226                70 
                                                                                           Out/City               48 
                                                                                                                             75202                69 
                                                                                           Total                 2754 
                                                                                                                             75219                58 

                                                                                                                             75237                58 

                                                                                                                             75224                58 

                                                                                                                             75212                58 

                                                                                                                             75232                55 

                                                                                                                             75208                53 

                                                                                                                             75210                52 

                                                                                                                             75206               51 

                                                                                                                             75235                50 

                                                                                                                             75240                48 

                                                                                                                             75238                46 

                                                                                                                             75287               41 

                                                                                                                             75214                37 

                                                                                                                             75223                36 

                                                                                                                             75203               33 

                                                                                                                            Total               2754 

Source:/GISDPD].[dbo].[ArresteeTotal24),[NIBRS]. [dbo].[ArrestCharge24_ByCT]     /NIBRS/Emailed Reports/Monthy               5/1/2024 10:30:06 AM 
                                                                                  Reports,CPOB Arrest_Portrait 
                                                                                58 

----------------------- Page 59-----------------------

        Memorandum Item 4 

   A May 10, 2024 

    ro Members ofthe Community Police Oversight Board 

suer Office ofCommunity Police Oversight April 2o24 Report 

       Attached you will find the April monthly complaint statistical report from the Office of 

       Community Police Oversight (OCPO). This report provides a summation ofthe total 

       number ofexternal complaints turned in to the OCPO and IAD, the source ofthe 

       complaints, and the disposition ofthe complaints. Also attached are an external 

       Complaint Work.flow Process diagram and a general definition document that defines 

       categories for no investigation which are listed as "No Investigation" on the monthly 

       reports. 

       The external complaints for Mayare in the review process and will be provided once this 

       informationhas been completed. 

       Please do not hesitate to reach out should youhave anyquestions or concerns. 

       Elaine Chandler 
       OCPO Director 

        CC: City Manager's Office 

                                                             
                                                          59 

----------------------- Page 60-----------------------

                  External Complaint Workflow Process 

                                                                          External Complaint 

                                                      The Police Monitor will revlew, in consultation with 
Pb'rtrteprty                                               the Internal Affairs Commander, preliminary 
  Rfrral                                              information and determine most appropriate action. 

                                        Four Primary Choices 

                                    tr   'Aty 

                                   hr vstu,gatr)n 

                                                       
                                                    60 

----------------------- Page 61-----------------------

                                  External Complaint Workflow 
          No Investigation Sub-Classification General Definitions 

  It is the policy of the Department to accept and investigate all complaints of misconduct or 
  wrongdoing from any citizen as prescribed by state law and Department policy. Complaints are 
  handled in accordance with Texas Government Code, Section 614 021-614.023, as interpreted 
  by the City Attorney. 

 A No Investigation (NI) number is assigned to information received in the Internal Affairs 
  Division that does not meet the guidelines of a complaint requiring a full investigation by the 
  Department. The information is given a sub-classification for statistical tracking purposes.  The 
 current sub-classifications used are. 

  .   Does not meet criteria- Complaints relative to differences of opinion between a citizen and 
      the investigating officer regarding the contributing factors listed on an accident report will 
      not be investigated. If a person calls or comes in but does not want to provide a written 
      statement at that time,  it will be entered. If they fail to follow up and provide a written 
      complaint In any format, it may result in this sub-classification. 

 •   Duplicate Complaint- Person is making a repeated allegation that has already been 
     handled by the department. 

 •   Fail to Articulate- Person may be complaining but does not make an allegation of 
     misconduct. 

 •   Guilt or Innocence- 
         •   Complaints relative to differences of opinion between a citizen and an arresting 
             police officer regarding the guilt or innocence of that citizen will not be investigated 
             but will be properly disposed of within the judicial system.            If a citizen can furnish 
             evidence that the arrest was malicious and/or illegal, the complaint may be 
             investigated at the discretion of the Internal Affairs Division Commander. 
         •   Complaints relative to differences of opinion between a police officer and a citizen 
             over the issuance of a traffic citation will not be investigated unless there is an 
             allegation of a violation of law or departmental rules on the part of the officer. 

•   Information Only- A person mayjust be sending information or needing something from a 
    member of the department. For instance, needing a detective to call them back about a 
    case. Acomplaint about having to wait a long time for a police response to a 911 call may 
    receive this sub-classification.       Information is forwarded to division of responsibility. 

•   More Information- Person makes an allegation of misconduct, but the department needs 
    more information to make determination on how to proceed. 

                                                           
                                                        61 

----------------------- Page 62-----------------------

 •    No Violation- Preliminary investigation is able to determine, based on evidence available, 
      there is no violation of department procedures. Complaints involving a citizen's 
      misunderstanding of departmental policy,  which are resolved by a supervisor explaining the 
      correct departmental policy and where the citizen is satisfied with the response, will not 
      require investigation. 

      No Violation BWC- Preliminary investigation is able to determine there is no violation due 
     to review of officer's body worn camera. 

 •   Non-Employee- Person makes allegation into misconduct of person who is not an 
     employee of the police department. 

 •   Sixty Day- Complaints are not typically accepted more than sixty days after the alleged 
     incident, with the following exceptions: 
          •   When the complaint involves a criminal violation, the criminal statute of limitations 
              will prevail. 
         •    When the complainant can show good cause for not making the complaint within the 
              specified time limit. 

•    Third Party- Person complaining has no direct knowledge of incident. Often used when 
     person sends an email or letter after seeing a negative news or social media story. 

In all case, the citizen is sent a return letter to inform them that the information or complaint 
has been received and how it will be handled. If the department is not going to investigate, the 
reason is given with contact information on who they may call to discuss. 

                                                             
                                                         62 

----------------------- Page 63-----------------------

Ee  Office of Community Police Oversight Complaints 

                                      APRIL, 2024 Complaints 

        Below are summaries ofthe complaints received in the Office of Community Police Oversight 
        for the weeks ofApril 1, 2024 to April 30, 2024. 

        This report captures complaints during the OCPO fiscal year.  The fiscal year for OCPO is 
        October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024.  The office has received 28 complaints for the month of 
        April, 2024. 

     DATE:       NAME:            COMPLAINT TYPE:                           STATUS: 

    3/23/24      EC2024-0267      COMP SENT EMAIL                    NO COMPLAINT 
                 HILL             COMPLAINING ABOUT DALLAS           AGAINST DPD 
                                  FIRE RESCUE 
    3/23/24      EC2024-0267      COMP SENT EMAIL STATING            NOT ENOUGH               SENT EMAIL 
                 GOULD            THAT DPD OFFICER WAS RUDE          INFORMATION             TO 
                                  TO THEM WHILE JOGGING                                       COMPLAINANT 
                                                                                              REQUESTING 
                                                                                              FURTHER INFO 
    3/23/24      EC2024-0268      COMP ALLEGES DPD FAILED TO         NO POLICY 
                 HAIRSTON         DISPATCH HER CALL FOR             VIOLATION 
                                  ASSISTANCE IN A TIMELY 
                                  MATTER 
    3/23/24      EC2024-0269      COMP SENT EMAIL TALKING            NO COMPLAINT 
                 HILL             ABOUT A SPANISH GUY               AGAINST DPD 
                                  STRETCHING THE TRUTH 
    3/23/24      EC2024-0270      COMP SENT EMAIL TALKING            NO COMPLAINT 
                 KUSH             ABOUT A RICO CRIME OF             AGAINST DPD 
                                  GANG STALKING AND MALE 
                                  ON MALE SEXUAL 
                                  HARASSMENT 

  4/03/2024      EC2024-0316      COMP SENT EMAIL THAT DID           NO COMPLAINT 
                 HILL             NOT ARTICULATE COMPLAINT          AGAINST DPD 
                                  AGAINST DPD                       ARTICULATED 
  4/03/2024      EC2024-0317      COMP SENT EMAIL THAT DID           NO COMPLAINT 
                 HILL             NOT ARTICULATE COMPLAINT          AGAINST DPD 
                                  AGAINST DPD                       ARTICULATED 
  4/03/2024      EC2024-0318      COMP ALLEGES THERE WERE            NO COMPLAINT 
                 ROBINSON         TARGETED BY ORGANIZED             AGAINST DPD 
                                  CRIME AND UNDERCOVER              ARTICULATED 

                                                          
                                                       63 

----------------------- Page 64-----------------------

e Office of Community Police Oversight Complaints 

                                  COPS ENGAGED IN 
                                 TRAFFICKING 
  4/06/2024     EC2024-0319       COMP ACCUSES DPD OFFICER           NO POLICY 
                PICKETT           OF VERBALLY HARRASSING            VIOLATION 
                                 THEM 
  4/06/2024     EC2024-0320       COMP ALLEGES OFFICER DID           NO POLICY                 FYI TO FVTO 
                HODGES            NOT PROPERLY INVESTIGATE          VIOLATIONS                  CONTACT 
                                  HIS DV REPORT                                              COMPLAINANT 
 4/03/2024      EC2024-0321       COMP ALLEGES HE IS                 NO COMPLAINT               MULTIPLE 
                KUSH              CONDUCTING A RICO CASE            AGAINST DPD                  SIMILAR 
                                 AGAINST POLICE FOR VARIOUS         ARTICULATED               COMPLAINTS 
                                  CONSPIRACIES 
  4/02/2024     EC2024-0322       COMP ALLAGES THAT DPD              NO COMPLAINT 
                TOMLIN            OUTREACH HAD LEFT A LETTER        ARTICULATED 
                                  ON HER DOOR LOOKING FOR 
                                 AN INDIVIUAL THAT DOES NOT 
                                  LIVE THERE 

  4/02/2024     EC2024-0323       COMP ALLEGES DPD OFFICER           DR - Traffic Unit - 
                PICKET            DID NOT COMPLETE A CRASH           BWC Violation/Failed 
                                  REPORT FOR HIM.                   to provide 
                                                                    identification upon 
                                                                    request 

  4/14/2024     EC2024-0393      Wrong notification for arrest      NO POLICY                 COMP NEVER 
                CISCIUC           Comp advises consulate was        VIOLATION                   INFORMED 
                                  not notified of arrest.                                     OFFICER THAT 
                                                                                               THEY WERE 
                                                                                                 NOTUS 
                                                                                               CITIZEN- FYI 
                                                                                                    TO 
                                                                                               DETENTIION 
                                                                                                SERVICES 
  4/14/2024     EC2024-0395      COMP ALLEGES                       NEED MORE                   EMAIL TO 
                HAYWOOD           UNPROFESSIONAL CONDUCT            INFORMATION              COMPLAINANT 
                                                                                               ASKING FOR 
                                                                                               ADDITIONAL 
                                                                                                   INFO 
  4/14/2024     EC2024-0395      COMP ALLEGES                       NEED MORE INFO            LEFT MESSAGE 
                REYES             UNPROFESSIONAL CONDUCT                                      FOR COMP TO 
                                                                                                 PROVIDE 

                                                         
                                                      64 

----------------------- Page 65-----------------------

@e                  Office of Community Police Oversight Complaints 

                                                                                            ADDITIONAL 
                                                                                                INFO 
  4/04/2024     EC2024-0404      COMP SENT EMAIL ALLEGING          NO COMPLAINT 
                RANGEL           THAT RICH FOOTBALL PLAYER         AGAINST DPD 
                                 GOT AWAY WITH A CRIME 
  4/14/2024     EC2024-0405      COMP SENT EMAIL THAT HAD          THIRD PARTY/ NO 
                HILL             LINK TO FACEBOOK POST             COMPLAINT 
                                                                   ARTICULATED 
  4/14/2024     EC2024-0406      COMP SENT EMAIL                   THIRD PARTY 
                HAGGARD          COMPLAINING ABOUT RASHEE          COMPLAINT/ 
                                 RICE INCIDENT                     COMMUNITY 
                                                                   FEEDBACK 
  4/14/2024     EC2024-0407      COMP IS UPSET ABOUT HOW           THIRD PARY 
                JONES            DIFFICULT IT WAS FOR HER          COMPLAINT/ 
                                 CLIENT TO FILE A REPORT           COMMUNITY 
                                                                   FEEDBACK 
  4/28/2024     EC2024-0504      COMP SENT EMAIL THAT DID          NO COMPLAINT 
                MOBILE           NOT ARTICULATE COMPLAINT          ARTICULATED 
                                 AGAINST DPD 
  4/28/2024     EC2024-0505      COMP SENT EMAIL THAT DID          NO COMPLAINT 
                LESLIE           NOT ARTICULATE COMPLAINT          ARTICULATED 
                                 AGAINST DPD 
  4/28/2024     EC2024-0506      COMP IS ATTEMPTING TO             NO COMPLAINT               EMAILED 
                ISLAM            REPORT AN ONLINE SCAM            ARTICULATED                COMP AND 
                                                                                             EXPLAINED 
                                                                                            HOW TO FILE 
                                                                                              A POLICE 
                                                                                            REPORT FOR 
                                                                                               FRAUD 

  4/28/2024     EX2024-0507      COMP SENT EMAIL ALLEGING          NO COMPLAINT 
                KUSH             VARIOUS CONSPIRACY               ARTICULATED 
                                 THEORIES THAT DO NOT 
                                 INVOLVE DPD 
  4/28/2024     EC2024-0508      COMP SENT EMAIL ALLEGING          NO COMPLAINT 
                ASHLEY           SUICIDE FABRICATION AND          ARTICUALTED 
                                 BIBLE OPPRESSION 
  4/28/2024     EC2024-0509      COMP ALLEGES DPD OFFICERS         NO COMPLAINT 
                BURSON           WERE MENTALLY                    ARTICULATED 
                                 TERRORIZING HIM AND KILING 
                                 CATS AND DOGS 

                                                        
                                                     65 

----------------------- Page 66-----------------------

Ee  Office ofCommunity Police Oversight Complaints 

  4/28/2024     EC2024-0511     COMP IS REQUESTING EXTRA         NO COMPLAINT 
                LOPEZ           PATROL IN HER                    ARTICULATED/ 
                                NEIGHBORHOOD BECAUSE OF          COMMUNITY 
                                RISING CRIME                     FEEDBACK 
  4/28/2024     EC2024-0513     COMP SENT EMAIL INQUIRING        NO COMPLAINT 
                SABINO          ABOUT AVAILIBTY OF FOOD/  ARTICULATED 
                                MEDICAID PROGRAMS 

       NOTE: 

      CASE EC2024-0398 WAS INITIALLY SCREENED FOR MEDIATION. THE 

      COMPLAINANT AGREED. THE OFFICER DECLINED MEDIATION. THAT 

      CASE IS NOW LISTED AS A DIVISION REFERRAL. 

      Below is a List ofComplaints that were received by IAD and OCPO 
      that Ms. Chandler disagreed with or had a question about and are 
      beingmonitored. 

     DATE:      NAME:                  COMPLAINT TYPE:                   STATUS: 

  4/14/2024     EC2024-0398          COMP ALLEGES RUDE/           DIVISION REFERRAL-      MONITORING 
                PEREZ              DISCOURTEOUS BEHAVIOR          TRAFFIC UNIT 
  04/02/2024    EC2024-0323     COMP ALLEGES DPD OFFICER          DIVISION REFERRAL- MONITORING 
                                DID NOT COMPLETE CRASH            BWC VIOLATION/ 
                                REPORT                            FAILURE TO IDENTIFY 
                                                                  UPON REQUEST 
  03/29/2024    EC2024-0351     COMP ALLEGES DPD OFFICER          IAD INVESTIGATION       MONITORING 
                                USED FAKE $50 BILL TO 
                                PURCHASE GAS 
  03/22/2024    EC2024-0356     COMP ALLEGES 911 OPERATOR         DIVISION REFERRAL       MONITORING 
                                WAS RUDE/ UNPROFESSIONAL          TO 
                                                                  COMMUNICATIONS 
  04/08/2024    EC2024-0375     COMP ALLEGES PHONE WAS            DIVISION REFERRAL       MONITORING 
                HONEYCUTT       STOLEN BY DPD OFFICER AFTER       TO NE FOR 
                                ARREST                            LANGUAGE 

                                                       
                                                    66 

----------------------- Page 67-----------------------

Ee»                   Office of Community Police Oversight Complaints 

   4/16/2024      EC2024-0459         COMP ALLEGES SHE IS IN                 IA INVESTIGATION            MONITORING 
                  EVANGELISTA         ABUSIVE RELATIONSHIP WITH 
                                      DPD OFFICER 
   4/25/2024      EC2024-0486         COMP ALLEGES DPD VIOLATED              IAD/ PIU                    MONITORING 
                  GIBBS               THEIR CIVIL RIGHTS                     INVESTIGATION 
   4/26/2024      EX2024-0517         COMP ALLEGES HE WAS                    IAD INVESTIGATION           MONITORING 
                  WILLIAMS            ILLEGALLY DETAINED AND 
                                      SEARCHED 

                                                               
                                                            67 
