----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

  RECEIVED                   Pub[k Notice  

2025 JAN -7  PM  3: 55            Ť ŧ Ţ Ţ 4 9  
                                                                                                              CANCELED 
                                           CITY 
 CITY SECRETARY POSTED                           SECRETARY 
                                              DALLAS 
 DALLAS, TEXAS                                        , TX 

                             Community Development Commission (CDC) Monthly Meeting  
                                               Thursday January 9, 2025, at 6:00 P.M.  
                            Dallas City Hall, Conference Room 6ES, and by Videoconference  

                                               Video Conference:  https://bit.ly/3zEUopX   
              Telephone: 469-210-7159, Access Code: 2492 432 8856 Password: 6mBRmAXTP43  

        The      City    of     Dallas     will    make       Reasonable        La      Ciudad      de      Dallas      llevará     a     cabo  
        Accommodations/Modifications to programs and/or other related           Adecuaciones/Modificaciones  Razonables  a  los  programas  
        activities  to  ensure  all  residents  have  access  to  services  and  y/u otras actividades relacionadas para asegurar que todos y  
        resources to ensure an equitable and inclusive meeting. Anyone          cada uno de los residentes tengan acceso a los servicios y  
        requiring   auxiliary   aid,   service,   and/or   translation   to   fully  recursos  para  asegurar  una  reunión  equitativa  e  inclusiva.  
        participate   in   the   meeting   should   notify   the   Budget   and  Cualquier persona que requiera asistencia adicional, servicio  
        Management Services Department (BMS) by calling (945) 239-              y/o interpretación para poder participar de forma íntegra en la  
        0735, three (3) business days prior to the scheduled meeting. A         reunión  debe  notificar  a  Departamento  llamando  al  calling  
        video  stream  of  the  meeting  will  be  available  twenty-four  (24)  (945)  239-0735,  tres  (3)  días  hábiles  antes  de  la  reunión 
        hours         after        adjournment          by         visiting     programada. Una transmisión en video de la reunión estará  
        https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.                              disponible  dos  días  hábiles  luego  de  la  finalización  de  la  
                                                                                reunión en https://dallastx.new.swagit.com/views/113.   
        Individuals and interested parties wishing to speak must register  
        with the Department at :  https://forms.office.com/g/69i7gKvQpy or      Las personas y las partes interesadas que deseen hacer uso  
        call  (214)  670-4557,  twenty-four  (24)  hours  prior  to  the  meeting  de  la  palabra  deben    registrarse  en    Departamento:  
        date and time.                                                          https://forms.office.com/g/69i7gKvQpy  o  llamando  al  (214)  
                                                                                670-4557, veinticuatro (24) horas antes de la fecha y horario 
                                                                                de la reunión. 

                                                                     AGENDA  

             I.    Call to Order                                                                                     Melanie Rubin, Chair  

            II.    Roll Call                                                                   Community Development Coordinator  

            III.   Public Speakers 

           IV.     Approval of the December 5, 2025, Community Development Commission Meeting Minutes 

            V.     Community Development Division Report                                      Budget & Management Services (BMS)  

                       Briefing Item: Overview of FY 2023-24 Community Development Commission Annual 
                        Report, Community Development Block Grant: Timely Expenditure of Funds, and the FY 
                        2025-26 HUD Budget Development Process. 
                                                                                            Chan Williams, Assistant Directo r - BMS  

           VI.     Chair’s Report                                                                                                          Melanie Rubin, Chair    
                   (This report may include general greetings and acknowledgements to staff, commission members and other  
                   members  of  the  public;  introduction  of  new  commission  members;  additions/changes  to  committee  
                   assignments, scheduling of committee meetings and consideration of future agenda item).).  

           VII.    Vice Chair’s Report                                                                     Zhen Barrientos, Vice Chair  
                     (This report includes general acknowledgements to staff, commission members and members of the  
                     public).  

                 Office of Budget & Management Services | (214) 670-4557 | ofscommunitydevelopment@dallas.gov 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

               
               
VIII.        CDC Financial Monitoring/Performance Standards Committee Report(s)   
               
                   Action Item: Consider and approved the FY 2024-25 Community Development Block Grant  
                    (CDBG) Extensions and Reprogramming Funds Recommendations.      
                                                                                                                                               Todd Howard, Chair                                                                                                                    
               
  IX.        Public Speakers  
  
   X.        Announcement  
             Announcements may include: Expressions of thanks, congratulations, or condolence; Information about  
             holiday schedules; honorary or salutary recognition of public officials, employees, or citizens, excluding  
             discussions about changes in their status in public office or employment, reminders about upcoming events  
             organized or sponsored by the governing body; information about social, ceremonial, or community events  
             organized or sponsored by entities other than the governing body, attended or scheduled to be attended  
             by members of the governing body or officials/employees of the political subdivision).  
               
  XI.        Adjournment  
               
             Upcoming Events:  
                   1/8/25: Ryan White Planning Council (RWPC) of the Dallas Area Meeting 9:00 A.M., Virtual  
                   1/28/25: Continuum of Care (COC) General Assembly Meeting 9:00 A.M., Virtual  
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

                  Budget & Management Services | (214) 670-4557 | ofscommunitydevelopment@dallas.gov  
  

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

  

  

                           Handgun Prohibition Notice for Meetings of Governmental Entities  

"Pursuant to Section 30.06, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with a concealed handgun), a person  
licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not enter this  
property with a concealed handgun."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.06 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia  
con una pistol oculta), una persona con licencia según el subcapítulo h, capítulo 411, código del gobierno  
(ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola oculta."  

"Pursuant to Section 30.07, Penal Code (trespass by license holder with an openly carried handgun), a  
person licensed under Subchapter H, Chapter 411, Government Code (handgun licensing law), may not  
enter this property with a handgun that is carried openly."  

"De acuerdo con la sección 30.07 del código penal (ingreso sin autorización de un titular de una licencia  
con  una  pistola  a  la  vista),  una  persona  con  licencia  según  el  subcapítulo  h,  capítulo  411,  código  del  
gobierno (ley sobre licencias para portar pistolas), no puede ingresar a esta propiedad con una pistola a la  
vista."  

"Pursuant to Section 46.03, Penal Code (places weapons prohibited), a person may not carry a firearm or  
other weapon into any open meeting on this property."  

"De conformidad con la Sección 46.03, Código Penal (coloca armas prohibidas), una persona no puede  
llevar un arma de fuego u otra arma a ninguna reunión abierta en esta propriedad."  

  
  
                                                   EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE  

A closed executive session may be held if the discussion of any of the above agenda items concerns one of the  
following:  

1.   seeking the advice of its attorney about pending or contemplated litigation, settlement offers, or any matter in  
     which the duty of the attorney to the City Council under the Texas Disciplinary Rules of Professional Conduct  
     of the State Bar of Texas clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071]  

2.   deliberating the purchase, exchange, lease, or value of real property if deliberation in an open meeting would  
     have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  city  in  negotiations  with  a  third  person.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
     §551.072]  

3.   deliberating a negotiated contract for a prospective gift or donation to the city if deliberation in an open meeting  
     would have a detrimental effect on the position of the city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code  
     §551.073]  

4.   deliberating the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline, or dismissal of a public  
     officer  or  employee;  or  to  hear  a  complaint  or  charge  against  an  officer  or  employee  unless  the  officer  or  
     employee  who  is  the  subject  of  the  deliberation  or  hearing  requests  a  public  hearing.  [Tex.  Govt.  Code  
     §551.074]  

5.   deliberating the deployment, or specific occasions for implementation, of security personnel or devices. [Tex.  
     Govt. Code §551.076]  

6.   discussing  or  deliberating  commercial  or  financial  information  that  the  city  has  received  from  a  business  
     prospect that the city seeks to have locate, stay or expand in or near the city and with which the city is conducting  
     economic development negotiations; or deliberating the offer of a financial or other incentive to a business  
     prospect. [Tex Govt . Code §551.087]  

7.   deliberating  security  assessments  or  deployments  relating  to  information  resources  technology,  network  
     security information, or the deployment or specific occasions for implementations of security personnel, critical  
     infrastructure, or security devices. [Tex Govt. Code §551.089]  
       

              Budget & Management Services | (214) 670-4557 | ofscommunitydevelopment@dallas.gov  
  

----------------------- Page 4-----------------------

  

Budget & Management Services | (214) 670-4557 | ofscommunitydevelopment@dallas.gov  
  
