----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                          City of Dallas 

                             1500 Marilla Street,  
                         Council Chambers, 6th Floor 
                            Dallas, Texas 75201 

Ad Hoc Committee on General Investigating and  
                                Ethics 

                              May 2, 2024 
                                 3:00 PM 

----------------------- Page 2-----------------------

City Council                     Ad Hoc Committee on General Investigating and Ethics                           May 2, 2024 

The Ad Hoc Committee on General Investigating and Ethics meeting will be held by  
videoconference  
and in the Council Briefing Room, 6th Floor at City Hall. 

The public may attend the meeting virtually; however, City Hall is available for those wishing  
to attend the meeting in person. 

The Ad Hoc Committee on General Investigating and Ethics will be broadcast live on  
Spectrum Cable Channel (16) English and 95 (Spanish) and online at bit.ly/cityofdallastv: 

The public may also listen to the meeting as an attendee at the following video conference  
link: 

Call to Order 

MINUTES 

1        24-1516           Approval of Minutes of the May 4, 2023, Ad Hoc Committee on General  
                           Investigating and Ethics. 

BRIEFING ITEMS 

A.       24-1517           Discussion of all City actions related to 7800 N. Stemmons Freeway from  
                           consideration of purchase to present day, including a detailed briefing by  
                           staff regarding the timeline, costs, and responsibilities associated with  
                           acquisition and occupancy. 

B.       24-1518           Consider requesting the Office of the City Auditor to conduct or facilitate  
                           a limited-scope audit or investigation of the City’s due diligence process  
                           for the purchase of the 7800 N. Stemmons Freeway office building and  
                           subsequent improvements, inspections, and permitting activities  
                           completed before the decision to start moving employees into the  
                           building, including comparing the practices observed to industry  
                           practices. 

ADJOURNMENT 

City of Dallas                                             Page 1                                          Printed on 4/29/2024 

----------------------- Page 3-----------------------

City Council                       Ad Hoc Committee on General Investigating and Ethics                               May 2, 2024 

                                              EXECUTIVE SESSION NOTICE 

A  closed  executive  session  may  be  held  if  the  discussion  of  any  of  the  above  agenda  items  
concerns one of the following: 

        1.  seeking      the    advice      of   its   attorney      about     pending       or    contemplated        litigation,  
            settlement  offers,  or  any  matter  in  which  the  duty  of  the  attorney  to  the  City  Council  
            under  the  Texas  Disciplinary  Rules  of  Professional  Conduct  of  the  State  Bar  of  Texas  
            clearly conflicts with the Texas Open Meetings Act.  [Tex. Govt. Code §551.071] 

        2.  deliberating  the  purchase,  exchange,  lease,  or  value  of  real  property  if  deliberation  in  
            an   open     meeting     would     have    a   detrimental      effect   on    the   position    of   the   city   in  
            negotiations with a third person.  [Tex. Govt. Code §551.072]   

        3.  deliberating     a   negotiated     contract    for   a   prospective      gift  or   donation     to  the    city  if  
            deliberation  in  an  open  meeting  would  have  a  detrimental  effect  on  the  position  of  the  
            city in negotiations with a third person. [Tex. Govt. Code §551.073] 

        4.  deliberating       the     appointment,         employment,          evaluation,       reassignment,          duties,  
            discipline,   or   dismissal   of   a   public   officer   or   employee;   or   to   hear   a   complaint   or  
            charge   against   an   officer   or   employee   unless   the   officer   or   employee   who   is   the  
            subject   of   the   deliberation   or   hearing   requests   a   public   hearing.      [ Tex.   Govt.   Code  
            §551.074] 

        5.  deliberating     the    deployment,       or   specific    occasions      for   implementation,        of   security  
            personnel or devices.  [Tex. Govt. Code §551.076] 

        6.  discussing      or   deliberating      commercial       or   financial     information      that   the    city   has  
            received  from  a  business  prospect  that  the  city  seeks  to  have  locate,  stay  or  expand  
            in  or   near    the   city   and    with    which    the   city   is  conducting      economic       development  
            negotiations;   or   deliberating   the   offer   of   a   financial   or   other   incentive   to   a   business  
            prospect.  [Tex Govt. Code §551.087] 

        7.  deliberating     security    assessments        or   deployments        relating    to   information     resources  
            technology,   network   security   information,   or   the   deployment   or   specific   occasions   for  
            implementations        of    security     personnel,      critical   infrastructure,     or    security     devices .   
            [Tex Govt. Code §551.089] 

City of Dallas                                                Page 2                                             Printed on 4/29/2024 
